Tim Sackton: So we begin
Tim Sackton: on Vindersarna, floating above the jungles on the coast of the sea of storms.
Tim Sackton: The afternoon of May 16, th about 2 weeks
Tim Sackton: give or take until
Tim Sackton: Apollion breaks free of his bonds and rampages across the world.
Tim Sackton: Maybe this morning
Tim Sackton: you teleported onto back to Vindersharna from the tower of the colossus, carrying with you a locked book.
Tim Sackton: with no obvious keyhole and no clear way to open
Tim Sackton: but that seeker identified as a manual of Golems.
Tim Sackton: which, should you ever figure out how to get the book open
Tim Sackton: and have
Tim Sackton: a few months of spare time and 80,000 gold pieces to spare, would allow you to construct your very own
Tim Sackton: stone Golem.
Tim Sackton: as well as some scrolls and copies of some ancient literature that you rescued from this tower
Tim Sackton: on Vinder Sharna Faldrick has taken to his pilot role with gusto, steering the ship across the desert in your absence.
Tim Sackton: Igol, the Orc, who was
Tim Sackton: still recently only recently resurrected from the dead. Is still weak from her ordeal and has been
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: remaining below decks
Tim Sackton: tended to by newscar. Her sister, although Newscar, has mostly been distracted by Igol's recovery. She is very curious about the poems and the scrolls that you copied.
Tim Sackton: I would like to
Tim Sackton: have some time to further research them, and maybe place
Tim Sackton: when in Trinkorian history.
Tim Sackton: These particular items were written.
Tim Sackton: others of your followers. Amol is practicing, sparring on deck and going through his forms. Well
Tim Sackton: ignare. The Alvin Gardner is, although quiet and reserved, has been
Tim Sackton: staring over the railing of Indisharna, endlessly curious about the landscape below, wondering if it's safe to explore. And what strange plants may grow here!
Tim Sackton: The halflings, Tilly and Milo seem restless. Milo stands at the bow.
Tim Sackton: staring at the now visible sea of storms in the distance, about 20 miles south of here, watching the
Tim Sackton: motionless white caps at a distance, and clearly itching to be captain of his own ship again, while Tilly watches with him in low conversation.
Tim Sackton: As we begin, the 4 of you are standing looking over
Tim Sackton: these red cliffs
Tim Sackton: and the cave
Tim Sackton: relatively small cave.
Tim Sackton: a wide but not tall gash, maybe 20 or 30 feet across, but only 5 or 6 feet tall, that you can see below you.
Tim Sackton: where once.
Tim Sackton: until maybe a few days ago, the last piece of rise jade
Tim Sackton: remained, until in Kenzo's dreams it seemed to have
Tim Sackton: blown out to sea, and vanished into a storm.
Mike Sackton: Far from remind me how far from the coast we are.
Tim Sackton: About 20 miles, 1520 miles.
Mike Sackton: So this is like way south. Where? Where?
Mike Sackton: So? Where are we? South of Drinkwire? At this point Yup.
Eric Rosenbaum: South of Drankor man.
Eric Rosenbaum: so we didn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't attempt to fly by after encore. Wisely.
Tim Sackton: That's correct. You did not.
Tim Sackton: So, although I'm not going to hold you to it, because actually, I sketched out a few other things at the end of last session your decision had been that you were going to go
Tim Sackton: investigate the caves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But feel free to
Tim Sackton: discuss in character, or take your time to make whatever decisions you would like to make.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret is still kind of like
Eric Rosenbaum: grumbling about sand and scratching at his
Eric Rosenbaum: at his beard, where
Eric Rosenbaum: what the heck happened to the jade Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Appears to be swallowed up by the ocean. Somehow
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm brought to sea
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: by some force.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why would it just turn into a cloud like that, though?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if it turned into a cloud it's in. Where do I sense it again?
Tim Sackton: You can't sense it anymore.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Get it all right.
Tim Sackton: Completely gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's the last time we I sensed it.
Tim Sackton: Like flying out over the ocean about
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Maybe.
Tim Sackton: Check my map
Tim Sackton: like southeast of here, roughly.
Eric Rosenbaum: So wait. Are we off the edge of the visible areas on the map?
Tim Sackton: You are.
Mike Sackton: Now we're up.
Mike Sackton: We're down near drink or right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But like way past it somewhere.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I didn't realize that I thought we were on the left hand side.
Tim Sackton: No, you're West.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Core.
Eric Rosenbaum: West of Drinkhor.
Tim Sackton: You're like, if you draw a line between the S. In the sea of storms and the little red box.
Mike Sackton: Then there's.
Tim Sackton: And core. There's.
Mike Sackton: 3 assets.
Tim Sackton: The last.
Mike Sackton: Sort of the last ass in this year.
Tim Sackton: Store.
Mike Sackton: You're like, where.
Tim Sackton: It crosses the.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, so we're like on that line.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Like where it crosses the coast. Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: so we're close to Drankor.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Man, the legendary drink, core.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could just go to. No, I'm kidding kidding. I'm not gonna mess with them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we go into the cave right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Something must have done this to the jade
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): to prove the date. Jay didn't just get up and decide to leave.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Traces we could find.
Mike Sackton: Do we actually know that Jay didn't just get up and decide to leave
Mike Sackton: so.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Perhaps the jade got up.
Mike Sackton: And it's a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In which case we'll track it.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm not disagreeing. We should go in. I'm just
Eric Rosenbaum: Generally speaking, these jade pieces have not moved around of their own volition. We've seen them
Eric Rosenbaum: carried around and used by
Eric Rosenbaum: various entities.
Eric Rosenbaum: So someone was in control of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: But yeah, let's go see what clues we can find. I agree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, it's in commune with nature.
Tim Sackton: anything in particular. You are interested in learning, or just
Tim Sackton: the vibe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The vibe, and or any significant recent perturbations was there, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: some shockwave that came through. And now everything is kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're covering.
Mike Sackton: Can you sense like the impacts of weather? Was there an actual storm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, yeah, I was like, you know, I I think any kind of like perturbation, you know, totally would have like kind of ripple effects through an ecosystem that would be detectable.
Tim Sackton: So as Kenzo meditates and you reach out your senses around this jungle.
Tim Sackton: you
Tim Sackton: yeah, your sense.
Tim Sackton: So this is
Tim Sackton: strange place.
Tim Sackton: There's something.
Tim Sackton: it's almost like there's
Tim Sackton: cracks running through
Tim Sackton: the jungle
Tim Sackton: like.
Tim Sackton: not not exactly.
Tim Sackton: yeah, your sense, your senses? Well, a few things. One is
Tim Sackton: you have a you have. You just have this sense of
Tim Sackton: that that
Tim Sackton: the jungle is aware somehow or there's things in the jungle that are aware. There's there's minds that are aware of.
Tim Sackton: you know, sentient, conscious minds
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: you didn't expect. I mean, there's no building. There's no signs of people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: Not like anybody lives here.
Tim Sackton: But there's definitely
Tim Sackton: thinking sentient creatures
Tim Sackton: in this jungle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When you say mines like do, do they remind me more of like plants, animals, or something else?
Tim Sackton: Both.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Both familiar and something unfamiliar.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do they remind me more? Is it more like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like mycelium, like collective consciousness of some like vast network, or like a cheetah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or both.
Tim Sackton: So it's some of both. But the thing that strikes you is
Tim Sackton: whatever this, this sort of collective senses there's there's cracks running through it. There's like gashes
Tim Sackton: that are
Tim Sackton: ripped through this network of awareness.
Tim Sackton: and it feels.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Tim Sackton: You like a relatively
Tim Sackton: sort of like a storm, except not a physical storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a consciousness laid.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or something. Do I sense that these are like recent like kind of wounds? Or is this like a longer.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm trying to say, like recent
Tim Sackton: recent wounds like a storm passed through. You can't tell how long ago it is, but they're clearly fresh.
Tim Sackton: So like days or weeks, not months or years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting. I communicate that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it a nebulous sense, or does it correspond with like physical locations like? Is there anything that could be inspected or tracked or like, looked at for physical traces.
Mike Sackton: Fallen trees
Mike Sackton: like does the jungle walk damaged in any way.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's talk about.
Tim Sackton: No fallen trees, there's no.
Tim Sackton: and Kenzo's sense is not directly mappable onto the physical world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's talk about the geological situation.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's the uplift and erosion situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's let's get. Let's get into hydrodynamics.
Mike Sackton: It's like, Are you serious or.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so okay, so the basic topography is.
Tim Sackton: there are.
Tim Sackton: There's a there's a flat plane that stretches all the way from these cliffs to the ocean.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: there's these
Tim Sackton: cliffs, uplifted cliffs.
Tim Sackton: and then a sort of series of
Tim Sackton: sort of step cliffs that you can see going away from the ocean.
Tim Sackton: you know. You can't see. You can see what 2030 miles, or something like that. 40 miles
Tim Sackton: kind of hazy, you know.
Tim Sackton: Humid summer day in the jungle.
Tim Sackton: and it seems like seekers gassed. Given your knowledge of
Tim Sackton: geography, although it's a gas, because you were in the tower of the Colossus. When Vintagerna was flying over this terrain.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: top of the Garmjala plateau is like
Tim Sackton: 6,000 feet above sea level.
Tim Sackton: and there's a series there must be a series of
Tim Sackton: cliffs from the low coast.
Tim Sackton: rising up to the high plateau that gets
Tim Sackton: successively drier as you get higher and higher elevation, and all the
Tim Sackton: rain gets knocked out of all the moisture gets knocked out of the air as it
Tim Sackton: blows up these cliffs.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there was this cataclysmic event
Eric Rosenbaum: that, like raised some mountain ranges and stuff.
Tim Sackton: Is the sheep.
Eric Rosenbaum: This terrain
Eric Rosenbaum: related to that? Or is it older.
Tim Sackton: No, the the
Tim Sackton: the whole. This used to be
Tim Sackton: there used to be flat coastal plains stretching quite far inland.
Tim Sackton: the whole Garmjala plateau and the Yuvanti Mountains were all uplifted.
Tim Sackton: like 200 years ago, in dramatic fashion.
Tim Sackton: It used to be a desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was the Leyland situation.
Tim Sackton: You know, kind of kind of dropped ley lines a little bit. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I noticed it.
Tim Sackton: There. There are probably ley lines around
Tim Sackton: nothing, nothing unusual.
Eric Rosenbaum: So like this view that we're seeing in the image here is
Eric Rosenbaum: we're looking north. We're north.
Tim Sackton: You're looking north, and it's in this.
Tim Sackton: in this
Tim Sackton: red stone
Tim Sackton: cliff where the cave is.
Mike Sackton: Is there a river here that flows out to the sea.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: there's a bunch of waterfalls that you can see along this cliff. I mean, there's quite a lot of water here right.
Mike Sackton: So this is like some small where how far north
Mike Sackton: does the we didn't do? We fly over the transition from desert to jungle.
Tim Sackton: Nope, I mean
Tim Sackton: the ship did.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but we you skipped it. We were.
Eric Rosenbaum: Busy doing something very important. Well, let's let's take the ship
Eric Rosenbaum: down and and close to the cliff face.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that foolish? No.
Mike Sackton: No, I mean, there's a cave somewhere here, right? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: behind the wall, like in the cliff, presumably behind the waterfall. Do we know where it is, I mean, I assume.
Tim Sackton: You can see it. You're staring at it. It's in the it's like 30 foot long.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Opening.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I ask Feldrick if he's finished putting the telescope together.
Tim Sackton: No, he's barely started. You've been back for
Tim Sackton: like 6 h.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: He needs a few days at least.
Mike Sackton: So we haven't even long rested since we teleported.
Tim Sackton: Not since you teleported. No.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we did long rest.
Tim Sackton: For you, Tim. Report.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, so, but so seekers down a 7th level spell.
Tim Sackton: And a sex.
Tim Sackton: Dispelled magic.
Mike Sackton: What do we dispel? Magic on.
Tim Sackton: The trap on one of the chests.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Our book.
Eric Rosenbaum: That that is accurately reflected on my character sheets.
Mike Sackton: We did that before we had to.
Tim Sackton: Sleep.
Mike Sackton: Before we did that, because Seeker didn't have any.
Tim Sackton: Secret without a spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was burned up. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Mike Sackton: Let's just I mean.
Mike Sackton: if we're gonna investigate, let's investigate. I I don't see what
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's go.
Eric Rosenbaum: I need. I need a
Eric Rosenbaum: transport.
Mike Sackton: Jump. No. Would you like to fly? I mean, you wanna just be pushed? Do we have a ladder.
Tim Sackton: You have to.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the elevation of the cave is that.
Tim Sackton: The cave is about
Tim Sackton: 60 feet above the ground. The cliff is maybe a hundred feet tall, so it's a little just above halfway up.
Mike Sackton: I mean, should we investigate the jungle a bit first, st and just see what the I mean.
Mike Sackton: There's this idea that there's a complex set of living things that were torn up by this storm. Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I said.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cave, first.st
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, is there any
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So there isn't. Isn't a necessarily a like a spatial mapping
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like proximate spatial mapping.
Eric Rosenbaum: Description.
Tim Sackton: Not from commune with nature, not from this sense. But you could. You're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By aura sense. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Your aura sense would give you a more precise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will do that. Let's do that before we go anywhere. Be good to know if we're like walking into the you know.
Tim Sackton: The the range of that is pretty big, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Many miles. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: and you're trying to like, identify where the
Tim Sackton: like minds that you censor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So now, now that now that you know for via commune with nature, I've got a sense of these different types of you know beings. Then, with the aura sense, I'm gonna go high resolution. And then, also, in particular, look for perturbations, both like weird things that like don't make sense in the jungle. And then and then, like the the perturbations.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: let me just double check one thing here.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so it's
Tim Sackton: so it's 28 miles.
Tim Sackton: it takes 4 4 key.
Tim Sackton: So that's a long range, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hell, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So, Kenzo, you send several things as Kenzo goes into this meditation, and you reach out your perception for miles in every direction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I I start small because I also want to kind of save some of that range too potentially for the ocean. So I start 1st with, just like a kind of like, you know, whatever 5 mile diameter around the caves like, where we are
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just like pretty fucking, far or decent.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: Well, it's just a it's just a like a 30 mile radius in every direction for you. So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's work. That's.
Tim Sackton: That'll include. And it's and it allows you to like, identify particular creatures, sources
Tim Sackton: of key, that sort of thing. So you can get a pretty good sense of where this like where these mines are. So you sense a few things. One is
Tim Sackton: to the
Tim Sackton: Okay, so where you are right now. As you 1st reach out, you're sort of moving in a spiral kind of trying to track the location of these things and the area right around the ship feels pretty quiet.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: as you reach further, you sense that.
Tim Sackton: There are many of these
Tim Sackton: intelligences, whatever they are.
Tim Sackton: seeming scared
Tim Sackton: and huddled together
Tim Sackton: deep within the cave.
Tim Sackton: and you feel something
Tim Sackton: violent with them.
Tim Sackton: maybe hunting them.
Tim Sackton: maybe just disrupting their
Tim Sackton: lies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. I feel like a violent consciousness, or.
Tim Sackton: Like where this like rip, is this like
Tim Sackton: tearing sense that you had before? That's disrupting the kind of
Tim Sackton: There's something disruptive in the cave.
Mike Sackton: It is not.
Tim Sackton: And then as you.
Mike Sackton: Is that the origin of the Taringtons.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: as you as you probe further
Tim Sackton: to the west, about
Tim Sackton: 3 miles you can see that there's this waterfall in front of you. And then there's another bigger waterfall that flows down
Tim Sackton: to the to the ocean about 3 miles to the west, and there's something
Tim Sackton: prowling there
Tim Sackton: also.
Tim Sackton: scared and and hiding.
Tim Sackton: and as you reach your mind further to the west, from where this sort of prowling sense is
Tim Sackton: you can feel what what seem like strands of this
Tim Sackton: ripping that all collect at a point
Tim Sackton: that seems to be maybe
Tim Sackton: 6 miles west. Something like that in the jungle.
Tim Sackton: I mean it almost feels like there's a web
Tim Sackton: of this disruption sense, and as you then circle to the south along the coast, about 20 miles from here. You feel again like little tendrils of something like little
Tim Sackton: vines of chaos, or something like that that seem to be reaching into a bunch of mines along the coast, and all of them lead back east.
Tim Sackton: where you feel about 2015 miles to the east. Something like that is both the
Tim Sackton: center of this, like mycelium network. And also
Tim Sackton: that's
Tim Sackton: seemingly the center of where this
Tim Sackton: disruption energy comes from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do we know geologically, what is over there?
Tim Sackton: No idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I communicate that to everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the I wonder if we could send you know some
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a friend of yours to go investigate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's a great idea.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Call the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): birds
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): some big, fast flying bird nearby.
Tim Sackton: There's plenty of vultures soaring around
Tim Sackton: make an animal handling check.
Tim Sackton: Nay.
Tim Sackton: yeah, you get some meat, and you lure a vulture down.
Tim Sackton: You're going to be sense it?
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So it's going to take
Tim Sackton: some time to get. I mean, you're not. A vulture is not going to be able to fly 20 miles in an hour. But you can certainly store close enough that you can at least get a
Tim Sackton: a set, you know. At least get some sort of
Tim Sackton: visual range
Tim Sackton: on it.
Tim Sackton: So after maybe half an hour, 40 min or so, and if anybody wants to do something well, well, these
Tim Sackton: storing with the vulture, feel free to let me know after
Tim Sackton: yep.
Tim Sackton: Wait.
Mike Sackton: There was something 6 miles away, too. You said.
Tim Sackton: The things that Kenzo sensed were a bunch of minds in the cave that seemed.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Aired and huddled together. Yeah, to the about
Tim Sackton: 3 miles, 2, 3 miles to the west, along a river, some sort of anxious, prowling sense.
Tim Sackton: and then, further west.
Tim Sackton: about 6 miles west
Tim Sackton: from you, like 3 miles past the river.
Tim Sackton: Another sort of
Tim Sackton: web or cluster of this kind of ripping sense like somebody had just taken a knife and gone like this to the junk.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: south of you along the coast.
Tim Sackton: It was like there was a bunch of little tendrils of something in a bunch of people a bunch of mines that all led back to this
Tim Sackton: conglomeration.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I.
Tim Sackton: Else to them.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I I thought the 6 mile one was a conglomeration at the same. I misunderstood web. Okay, it's more like cross hatching than a web.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's like
Tim Sackton: it, it Kenzo senses. This is all very chaotic, right? It's nothing. It's not pattern, but it doesn't feel like a.
Tim Sackton: It didn't feel like a.
Tim Sackton: It felt like there was like there had been a bunch of like mycelium, or whatever, and somebody went like this.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Them up, a bunch.
Mike Sackton: But it wasn't a connection point. It was a destruction.
Tim Sackton: No, it wasn't a connection point. It was a destruction point.
Tim Sackton: So while Welby's soaring in the mind of this vulture watching the jungle below and reporting what he sees.
Tim Sackton: it's
Tim Sackton: I guess you're narrating as you go. You're just watching the jungle soar soar beneath you, relatively unchanging the cliffs kind of undulating back and forth, sometimes closer, sometimes further. You can see the coast, you know. There's mostly a bunch of mangroves along the beach and after maybe 40 min you can see
Tim Sackton: ahead of you must be what Kenza was talking about, you know, as they're sailing, sailing across, soaring across the canopy right occasionally you see these emergent trees
Tim Sackton: that that but, you know, stick up a little bit higher than the canopy of the jungle itself, but you can see in the distance now of of
Tim Sackton: very tall emerging tree, the the largest tree that you've seen, nothing like the you know, the giant tree in Toker, the Elven.
Tim Sackton: You know the alven Denocai god trees. This is like a normal natural tree.
Tim Sackton: but it's it's
Tim Sackton: it's just a big, old tall tree.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: draped all across the canopy, and and
Tim Sackton: like going down into the darkness of the jungle. This is just this writhing mass of thorny vines all over the tree.
Tim Sackton: It actually seemed to be like shifting and and moving and almost
Tim Sackton: wrapping themselves around the tree. It's like massively sped up strangler vines.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if it's like the arborea phenomena that we saw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright!
Mike Sackton: Do we have any sense that these things, I mean, cancer didn't sense these as being all connected right? These are just things.
Mike Sackton: Or is this connected to the thing that's scaring the.
Tim Sackton: That's very hard to say. But the all of these like
Tim Sackton: sentience sentiences.
Tim Sackton: all of these mines in the jungle are sort of connected to each other in some way.
Tim Sackton: and this whatever
Tim Sackton: whatever this
Tim Sackton: infection or
Tim Sackton: disruption, or
Tim Sackton: is like cutting through some of this like network of
Tim Sackton: thought or consciousness or connection that would otherwise be kind of running through the jungle.
Tim Sackton: But it's hard to like. You can't really tell if they're
Tim Sackton: all of these different. This like
Tim Sackton: tangle of vines, or the weird thing in the cave, or the
Tim Sackton: you know, chopped up
Tim Sackton: mycelium are
Tim Sackton: connected.
Tim Sackton: So it's now about
Tim Sackton: 3 in the afternoon, as
Tim Sackton: Welby's mind
Tim Sackton: returns.
Tim Sackton: as he's reported on this.
Mike Sackton: Hold on. I have one question.
Mike Sackton: how
Mike Sackton: how far can we?
Mike Sackton: I'm just hold on at.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, never mind.
Tim Sackton: So at plans.
Mike Sackton: Let's just go into the cave. I think we're. Gonna I think
Mike Sackton: there's nothing immediately here, and I think we're just gonna waste time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Just go into the cave.
Tim Sackton: So you're gonna use a ladder or magic to get to the cave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we want to do like clairvoyance, or, you know, do a little little scout ahead before we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, clairboyant.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go see what's i i like. I go in first.st All right. We're gonna be.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, let's just go save clairvoyance, for when we need it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We're hoping.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The worst. I wait. Wait. This is another one of those like you remember when we're on the tower with Fausto? And I was like guys, guys, why don't we be a little cautious? Why don't we like just, you know, just really simply do this like really simple thing? And everybody like, it's dumb like, why are we doing that? And then we just like ran it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But this, that's a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Perfect example, because just like that, this is definitely something is waiting to kill us or attack us or like ambush us. We know we don't need to investigate further, because we know that's gonna happen right.
Mike Sackton: And also I mean, you're not wrong. But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It worked out. Is that what you're trying to say? Like it all worked out.
Mike Sackton: We ended up with this cloud castle, right that flies around so like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not sure that that's causal. I'm not sure that.
Mike Sackton: Falcon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ignore it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, but I think we also could have gotten the eyes. But anyway, sorry. Well, whatever fucking, let's just go.
Mike Sackton: There's a counterfactual where we got.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whatever you know, like, we could just send a spell slot and just go like, see what's inside it. But fuck it, let's just like, wander in and see what happens.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pour acid on our faces, you know. Do it.
Mike Sackton: At work.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The lesson is, we? We should have just like murdered him when we had the chance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, wow, I think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's the takeaway of that.
Mike Sackton: We try in our defense. We did try to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We did try. Yeah, we we were like, basket.
Mike Sackton: Couple of 1,000 we were about to die, and so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, like the the layer aspect of the tower, was like fucking insane. Right? He was like, we're really that was.
Tim Sackton: Those windows animated to attack you. It was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that was not. Yeah. We were not in a place to defeat him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anyways, I'm sure this is gonna be totally fine, and not not at all like that ambush.
Tim Sackton: Steering the ship close enough that you can throw the rope ladder across, or are you trying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you say that Fasta was steering the ship.
Mike Sackton: Meant faldrake.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a that's a reveal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Like, it's actually faster. Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if he's 1 of who has those minions? I'd be fucked up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's hold the ship at about 100 feet and use a fly spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That seems
Mike Sackton: everyone.
Tim Sackton: What everybody really likes to use other people's spell slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm happy to use Douglas Star Fox in this case. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Enzo's happy to use secret spell slots.
Mike Sackton: it just feels a little bit like what's exactly the advantage of using fly for 30 seconds.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, maybe we'll need it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Call it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But after the end.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the ground, but.
Mike Sackton: You can't climb a ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wait when you're saying ladder, you mean actually like use a ladder as a ladder.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! Like.
Mike Sackton: Climb
Mike Sackton: like, hang a rope, platter off their ship, and climbed out. It.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that'd be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Respectful to the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we'll have Faldrick like back up a little bit, so we don't
Eric Rosenbaum: leave.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Alright. Alright. Okay. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will climb respectfully to the ladder. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Sound.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's.
Tim Sackton: You're all
Tim Sackton: make your way down
Tim Sackton: and enter
Tim Sackton: the cave.
Tim Sackton: The the
Tim Sackton: cave itself, that, or at least the entrance to the cave
Tim Sackton: is wide, about 30 feet across, but not very tall, maybe only 6 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: while this isn't really a problem for
Tim Sackton: well, beer seeker Kenzo and deal with maybe have to hunch a tiny bit, or their heads are just barely brushing the ceiling.
Tim Sackton: It grows narrower towards the back.
Tim Sackton: And this sort of entrance cave itself is not particularly
Tim Sackton: big.
Tim Sackton: and seems to be, you know, mostly overgrown with vines and you know, some some red rock rubble. But there are 2
Tim Sackton: exits. There's 1 that goes back and down.
Tim Sackton: but a second that goes left
Tim Sackton: and somewhat level, but into the rock.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Pick up a piece of
Eric Rosenbaum: stone rebel.
Mike Sackton: Which way is the
Mike Sackton: do we know where the scared people are?
Tim Sackton: further in. But it's
Tim Sackton: Kit.
Mike Sackton: Held down.
Tim Sackton: Tell which.
Tim Sackton: Well, no, it's just you don't know which passageway leads deeper into the I mean. One might assume
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: back and down leads further like into the rock. But it's like, How do you know? Right, the one that goes level could go this way and then turn, and the one that goes down could.
Mike Sackton: I? Yes, I was just
Mike Sackton: wondering if there was an obvious one that
Mike Sackton: you answer my question
Mike Sackton: back I would go
Mike Sackton: back and down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, let's do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's who's in the lead?
Mike Sackton: That was take the lead.
Mike Sackton: I could see in the dark.
Tim Sackton: Get off in the dark.
Mike Sackton: I was just saying, we can all see in the dark right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So as you.
Mike Sackton: No white.
Tim Sackton: Crawl through the
Tim Sackton: through the cave towards this the the back wall, and
Tim Sackton: the this passageway
Tim Sackton: slopes gently down and
Tim Sackton: fairly quickly gets
Tim Sackton: somewhat narrow, like maybe
Tim Sackton: 3 or 4 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo and Dow have to hunch or crawl.
Mike Sackton: How sort of sloped is it.
Tim Sackton: About 20 degree angle.
Tim Sackton: So what order are you going.
Eric Rosenbaum: Damn! I was just gonna comment on how nice it was that Tim hadn't asked us what order we're in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're going to go in in the safest order.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we'll be scouting.
Mike Sackton: Scout ahead!
Mike Sackton: Right part
Mike Sackton: be with us!
Eric Rosenbaum: He squeezes past, deal with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Healthily.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): watch out for traps, move alertly, perceptively.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): investigatively.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, making it a nice contrast with Seeker's approach, which is to sort of distractedly like drag his finger along the wall and sort of
Eric Rosenbaum: sniff, sniff, say.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: so well be first, st then
Tim Sackton: dealt with.
Tim Sackton: then.
Mike Sackton: Sneaker than Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: We put the squishy secret in the middle.
Mike Sackton: like the soft underbelly of the party.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so.
Tim Sackton: and while he is moving quietly and stealthily and perceptively, after about.
Mike Sackton: Would it be easier to climb on the ceiling.
Tim Sackton: Other clients.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Question.
Mike Sackton: Would it be more comfortable rather than crawling to? I mean, I have a climb speed, so I can just climb is that I'm trying to figure out.
Mike Sackton: It's not really.
Tim Sackton: You you don't have like you don't have like. You can't walk on ceilings.
Mike Sackton: No, I was trying to figure out if it's sloped. But it's not really.
Mike Sackton: That's what I was asking is it's hard to tell.
Tim Sackton: It's like a relatively gentle. It's like a 20 degree slope, right? So it's just like a circular tunnel going down like that.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: It only goes about
Tim Sackton: 30 feet or so before Welby.
Tim Sackton: Holds up his hands. Having noticed that the
Tim Sackton: floor drops away right in front of him.
Tim Sackton: and there's a hole that falls about 40 feet down into a large cavern.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does the passageway continue? Or is this where the passageway goes.
Tim Sackton: This is where the passageway goes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright! Let's
Mike Sackton: Can we see? Can we see the bottom of the cavern.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's 40 feet away.
Tim Sackton: there's there's a few, a few things, you know, that Welby notices in the front, right? So the 1st is that the cave floor at the bottom?
Tim Sackton: Every now and then you'll see what looks like a like a wave
Tim Sackton: running across the stone like it's not fully solid. There's like this, rippling
Tim Sackton: almost literally like somebody's dropping a pebble into a lake, and there's ripples that spread out from where the pebble is dropped, but it seems like a stone floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: And you also hear
Tim Sackton: sounds like
Tim Sackton: dripping water, but it echoes more than it should, and you don't see any source of. There's nowhere. The water is dripping from
Tim Sackton: The the cave itself
Tim Sackton: is relatively
Tim Sackton: so it's about 40 feet down. It's it's a sort of
Tim Sackton: oblong shape.
Tim Sackton: and you're at the at the at one end, and it goes about 60 feet
Tim Sackton: to what looks like a
Tim Sackton: another opening.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm gonna if we're gonna pause here for a second, I'm gonna use my stone sense just to look for valuable
Eric Rosenbaum: materials.
Tim Sackton: let's see, about
Tim Sackton: 200 feet to the
Tim Sackton: left.
Tim Sackton: So not within this cave system, but close by there is
Tim Sackton: what seems like a theme of
Tim Sackton: silver.
Tim Sackton: But it's it's unmined or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: nothing else.
Tim Sackton: These are. These caves seem completely natural. There's nothing that's been excavated about them.
Tim Sackton: Now, should we be in.
Mike Sackton: Imagine, like limes, like stalactites and Stagnites, and.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: and.
Eric Rosenbaum: So is there any evidence of like foot traffic like? Where
Eric Rosenbaum: on the floor.
Tim Sackton: Make an investigation, check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: 19.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not.
Tim Sackton: No evidence that you can see like looking around of foot traffic anywhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: whatever it is, doesn't have feet.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is there any evidence of
Mike Sackton: life here? This like.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's all sort of a bit damp, and you know every now and then there will be some like little insect or.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Small cave lizard that scurries away.
Mike Sackton: I mean, does it seem like a normal cave? Basically, yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: okay, so what do we do?
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go onward!
Tim Sackton: Above the drop.
Tim Sackton: 40 feet down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Tim Sackton: To the
Tim Sackton: rippling surface of the
Tim Sackton: lower cavern.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wit, and what would cause stone to ripple? Have I seen that before? It feels sounds familiar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Living stone.
Tim Sackton: Liquids.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't!
Mike Sackton: Is the rippling like. Not sure quite how to picture. It is like there's.
Tim Sackton: When you drop a rock in a
Tim Sackton: in a pond.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well. A chunk of rock.
Mike Sackton: Right right, but like it's not like, is there a
Mike Sackton: might on the bottom that's coming closer to us? Or does it.
Tim Sackton: No, no, it just ripples through the the bottom of the floor, but it's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Grab a.
Tim Sackton: Very it's not continuous. It's just like
Tim Sackton: you'll see for a minute, like there's this ripple runs across the floor of the cavern. Just sort of passes around the lag lights. You're gonna drop a couple.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Mike Sackton: No trouble, travel, boom.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like. There's something underneath the water
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): disturbing the surface.
Tim Sackton: It. What it really really looks like is
Tim Sackton: a clear pond where somebody's dropping pebbles in. It just so happens that the pond is made out of stone. It doesn't see. It's not like there's something underneath the surface that's moving.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, I'll drop it in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's fucking cool.
Tim Sackton: Bounces off the stone.
Tim Sackton: Clang, clang! Clang! Clang! Clang!
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: is this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Clang, clang, clang, clang, clang.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is, is there a magical phenomenon? Arcana, wise that I'm familiar with, that would cause this kind of situation.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make an arcana check.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm talking about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Normal.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: There is something.
Tim Sackton: Never seen anything like this before. It's very strange.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'd like to to learn it.
Mike Sackton: How close to the like. The the what's to the is the hole in the ceiling? Is it? Close to us, to a wall.
Tim Sackton: You are looking down from the ceiling. At the floor of this cavern the cavern extends about maybe 60 feet northeast, like into the cave. The
Tim Sackton: the hole that you're looking down is at the very
Tim Sackton: southwest end of this cavern, and it extends in an oval shape.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: About 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Northeast.
Mike Sackton: There's a.
Tim Sackton: Was another opening.
Mike Sackton: There's a cavern wall near to the hole.
Tim Sackton: Yes. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'm gonna climb down it then.
Mike Sackton: but I won't step on the floor.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Stay about.
Tim Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: 8 feet up, say.
Tim Sackton: so the
Tim Sackton: it's not so. It's not totally trivial to
Tim Sackton: climb down the wall. The wall itself is
Tim Sackton: relatively rough, and there's plenty of handholds. But
Tim Sackton: you're
Tim Sackton: you're dropping from.
Tim Sackton: There's a hole in the ceiling, and you have to.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Get over to the wall right? So it's not
Tim Sackton: I'm just trying to. It's probably athletics or acrobatics.
Mike Sackton: Now, what's the point of having a climb speed?
Mike Sackton: I.
Tim Sackton: Your your fingers are not sticky. You don't have no, can't you? You can't climb on a you can't walk on ceilings.
Tim Sackton: What does the adjustment.
Tim Sackton: A climb speed means that you can climb on climbable surfaces, and you don't have reduced you, don't.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't count as difficult movement. Certainly, if you get to the wall you can climb down the wall without needing to make a check.
Mike Sackton: Della is absolutely terrible at both acrobatics and athletics. I'm not doing it. If I can't do it.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'll.
Mike Sackton: Seems i i i'm not totally sure what the benefit of a climb speed is at this point, but it's fine.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Noticing dough with waffling on it. We'll be a climb over there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Acrobatics.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's fine. You like swing out from underneath the hole and grab onto the
Tim Sackton: the wall and sort of find a a
Tim Sackton: perch hand holds. Once you get onto this sort of
Tim Sackton: side wall of the cavern and make your way halfway down all the way down, where as well be going.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, almost all the way down.
Tim Sackton: Okay. I'm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a little worried about this floor.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is there anything more that I can see? Once I'm down there.
Tim Sackton: So you can see now, just at the edge of your dark vision range, you can see that the
Tim Sackton: at the far wall, about just about 60 feet
Tim Sackton: north.
Tim Sackton: east of where you're now sort of hanging on to the wall. You can see a
Tim Sackton: you can see this other opening. That's tall.
Tim Sackton: That's maybe a 20 foot tall.
Tim Sackton: 10 foot wide passageway that immediately turns sharply right into the darkness.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Relay that.
Tim Sackton: And there's.
Tim Sackton: you know, there's
Tim Sackton: it's hard to describe it
Tim Sackton: exactly, but
Tim Sackton: you almost see a sort of just with well, these very high perception like there's like patches in the air that seem to be
Tim Sackton: thicker somehow, like like you like. You'll be looking straight ahead and like everything looks totally clear.
Tim Sackton: and then you look off to the side a little bit, and there's a
Tim Sackton: there's a stalagmite that somehow looks blurry like you're looking through it through slightly blurred glass.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Are those patches of blur static, or are they moving.
Tim Sackton: They sort of blink in and out. It's like the rippling it doesn't really seem to be.
Tim Sackton: it doesn't seem it's like it'll blink in.
Tim Sackton: and then it'll disappear after
Tim Sackton: 15 seconds.
Tim Sackton: and then somewhere else, so will
Tim Sackton: same thing will happen.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What if at this point we use the spell spot to fly
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and continue on down.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like that idea.
Mike Sackton: Sure.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like we. We can figure out ways around this with immovable rods and ladders and all that. But, like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let me just fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, nice.
Tim Sackton: So everybody's flying.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: What is? What is your speed when you're flying.
Mike Sackton: 6
Mike Sackton: d.
Mike Sackton: 60.
Tim Sackton: Okay, who's
Tim Sackton: who's going first, st
Tim Sackton: or what's
Tim Sackton: what's the? So right now, deal with Cass Fly and everybody.
Tim Sackton: You can target 3 people.
Tim Sackton: 4 people.
Mike Sackton: 3.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so, as a raven's whistle.
Mike Sackton: Somebody has to fly with their own abilities.
Tim Sackton: And those ravens whistling, or I.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or I can fly with my armor, and then we don't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not so loud.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that might be a better.
Tim Sackton: So is loud. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So the 3 of you, Kenzo, deal with and
Tim Sackton: seeker, begin to
Tim Sackton: hover with, deal with spell
Tim Sackton: while we
Tim Sackton: unfolds your wings and slightly detaches from the wall.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: Are you all
Tim Sackton: like? How are you all proceeding across this
Tim Sackton: open space these 60 feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, let's avoid these blurry patches of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): whatever it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sinker descends a little lower to try to look more closely at the rippling stone effects.
Tim Sackton: So you watch for a little while.
Tim Sackton: it's
Tim Sackton: it really looks like
Tim Sackton: as these ripples are flowing out like the stone is just liquid, and then it solidifies again.
Tim Sackton: It's only liquid where the ripples are
Tim Sackton: are flowing.
Mike Sackton: Drop something in? Does it
Mike Sackton: solidified.
Tim Sackton: You want to try and time it. So you drop something on one of the ripples.
Tim Sackton: Who's doing this?
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, that's a seeker kind of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And this.
Eric Rosenbaum: as always like deal with, makes us.
Tim Sackton: Suggestions, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's.
Tim Sackton: So secrets hovering above and just waiting like for that suddenly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Deal with like. Be sure not to drop anything when the ripple moves directly under.
Tim Sackton: Only seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speakers. I got it.
Tim Sackton: Make a make a dexterity check, just roll a straight dexterity.
Tim Sackton: You do manage to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Hit the ripple, and suddenly the cavern floor explodes as a
Tim Sackton: as a giant eruption of
Tim Sackton: rock flies in your face, make a dexterity, saving throw
Tim Sackton: with advantage because they're flying.
Eric Rosenbaum: just
Eric Rosenbaum: hit it twice.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's.
Mike Sackton: For us predict 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was not good, but the 1st one was good.
Tim Sackton: Okay
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you managed to dodge somewhat.
Tim Sackton: and so you only take
Tim Sackton: You only take 18 points of bludgeoning damage as these rocks
Tim Sackton: smash around you.
Tim Sackton: Having erupted from
Tim Sackton: the place where you drop the pebble.
Eric Rosenbaum: Taste my own medicine in a way. This I've used erupting earth a lot, but never been hit by it.
Mike Sackton: Does the
Mike Sackton: what happens to the
Mike Sackton: does the
Mike Sackton: rock end up.
Tim Sackton: Pebble vanishes into well, it's hard to say, because the entire
Tim Sackton: but it's like it really looks like
Tim Sackton: it looks like Seeger just got hit by
Tim Sackton: stone
Tim Sackton: water.
Tim Sackton: because after it smashes into him and seeker like dodges out of the way, it all falls back down to the ground, and it just
Tim Sackton: smooths out again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So is this some kind of like elemental effect, or something like elemental magic.
Mike Sackton: Let's just fly past it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I agree.
Mike Sackton: There's a there's a way down right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a number.
Mike Sackton: Her out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Experiments. I'd like to run.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's a way out.
Tim Sackton: so who's who's just describe to me like, there's enough space that 2 people could fly abreast.
Tim Sackton: What order are you flying into? And who's in the front.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think maybe Welby's in the front trying to call the as he sees the blurry patches like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): moving around, or sees the ripples, moving like trying to call.
Mike Sackton: The worry patches on the ground right.
Tim Sackton: The blurry patches are in the air.
Mike Sackton: Out of the air.
Tim Sackton: Round.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make a perception check.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: You manage to
Tim Sackton: lead past.
Tim Sackton: You dodge past one, or Welby calls out one of these blurry patches, and you
Tim Sackton: you swerve to avoid that.
Tim Sackton: You turn again. You see another blurry patch. You swerve to avoid it.
Tim Sackton: when
Tim Sackton: Suddenly, while B. You see right in front of you, like the the pebble that you dropped, and that rolled down the cave, suddenly shoots up towards the ceiling.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I.
Tim Sackton: You're about halfway down.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We'll take evasive maneuvers.
Tim Sackton: So you stop flying suddenly, and you actually feel as you make a dexterity
Tim Sackton: with advantage.
Tim Sackton: You actually feel as you stop flying like your arm like for a second. You're like in between 2 gravity zones, where in your arm gravity is going up
Tim Sackton: and the rest of your body gravity is going down.
Tim Sackton: but you manage to stop yourself before you fly into it.
Mike Sackton: What difference does that make if you're flying.
Tim Sackton: probably none. But it feels weird.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can just fly through it.
Tim Sackton: You just stop because the pebble should shoot it up.
Eric Rosenbaum: But didn't we just get a scroll with the spell that can do this or something?
Tim Sackton: You did.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But but if you're fly, I mean especially the the magical fly spell has got to counteract.
Tim Sackton: No, no, it makes absolutely no difference. But Welby saw a pebble fly.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And stop suddenly, and you can feel you can feel the direction that gravity is tugging on you when you're flying.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure.
Tim Sackton: But you're pretty confident you can just fly through it because you're in the air right like.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: So you proceed cautiously.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh!
Tim Sackton: And you feel like again you're flying so it's
Tim Sackton: irrelevant to you, but you suddenly feel
Tim Sackton: it's almost like weird sensation, as if you're flying upside down on your back
Tim Sackton: for about 10 feet.
Tim Sackton: and then it
Tim Sackton: reverses itself.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): cool. Okay.
Tim Sackton: And now, as you get to the final.
Tim Sackton: you're now about 10 feet from the entrance, and you can see that there's like a faint mist
Tim Sackton: that seems to be falling
Tim Sackton: from somewhere, but making these loud
Tim Sackton: noises like you can hear. You can see now the source of this loud, dripping echo that's falling just about
Tim Sackton: where this passageway leads off from the far end of the cave.
Mike Sackton: Is it water?
Tim Sackton: It looks like a water.
Tim Sackton: but it sounds way louder than water. I mean.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Sounds
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: each time a droplet falls it almost sounds like a boom.
Mike Sackton: Does it
Mike Sackton: breeze
Mike Sackton: the shape, water.
Tim Sackton: You could certainly try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's.
Tim Sackton: It's a mist, right? It's like rain falling.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it's almost like 2 elements combined. Right? It's like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: by the way, to talk about magic. The gathering. It's like a dual land. It's like it's like both swamp and plain.
Tim Sackton: Simultaneously.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I can affect a 5 foot cube.
Tim Sackton: Really.
Mike Sackton: But from 30 feet away
Mike Sackton: I will see if a 5 foot cube freezes.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I understand. If it freezes it will fall to the ground, and then more water will keep going. I'm just curious.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: you can't really be 30, I mean, by the time you see it, you're like 15.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Fine.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you cast shape, water, and you reach out to try and freeze this like rain, basically turn it into sleet or hail
Tim Sackton: and it seems to
Tim Sackton: turn into
Tim Sackton: something, but as it freezes
Tim Sackton: it actually looks like
Tim Sackton: like charcoal, or some like
Tim Sackton: ash, and when it thaws you see these sparks.
Tim Sackton: When the supposed ice falls to the ground, it causes
Tim Sackton: sparks to fly out from the stone.
Mike Sackton: It's probably bad to let that hit us.
Mike Sackton: Can can I
Mike Sackton: change the
Mike Sackton: I guess the problem with shape water is, I could change the flow of one set of raindrops, but it's probably not going to change the next ones.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Man.
Mike Sackton: I should have kept crater, destroy water.
Tim Sackton: That
Tim Sackton: would be useful in this situation.
Mike Sackton: Got rid of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And seeker like shape stone, or do some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now it should be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Vegas
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or move
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Earth movie stuff.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And umbrella.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I was just thinking about like wall of stone to make like a
Eric Rosenbaum: tube for us to go through.
Tim Sackton: Why do you need wall of stone? You can use your performance of creation, can't you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, but the Wallstone thing would be larger.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: Milestone would be larger, but.
Mike Sackton: Do we really want to?
Mike Sackton: Is involved? Stone, like a 5th Level spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: or what level is it that that I mean?
Mike Sackton: My secret ever has any spells on.
Tim Sackton: This is a 10 foot by 10 foot area of rain, roughly.
Eric Rosenbaum: 5th Level.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah, I could use performance of creation to make a umbrella.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We could use our
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): folding boat
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and hold it upside down over us.
Mike Sackton: But it might catch on fire.
Mike Sackton: That's.
Tim Sackton: Seems risky.
Mike Sackton: Umbrella is a little risky like. Here's the problem. When I turned it to ice it turned to charcoal
Mike Sackton: right, and then it sparked. When it hit the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it would.
Eric Rosenbaum: It looks like missed, though, by default it looks like missed. But.
Tim Sackton: Like rain, misty rain.
Mike Sackton: I suspect we're dealing with stonewater, firewater, air, water.
Mike Sackton: but probably no water water.
Mike Sackton: Stonewater is the ground. Air, water is the the misty things. And this is the firewater.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a continuous fall.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like rain.
Tim Sackton: but.
Mike Sackton: I mean craving something
Mike Sackton: that would block it seems quite.
Mike Sackton: you know.
Mike Sackton: Shape water is probably not going to cut it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We just need to divert it right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We need, like an upside down stone canoe.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I think I can use performance of creation to make like a almost like a
Eric Rosenbaum: like a slide like a
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, dwarfs must have.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): A gutter.
Eric Rosenbaum: And deep. That's what's going to say, ancient and deep lore around gutters, because water flow is crucial when you're building underground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: so.
Tim Sackton: You could definitely make it better with performance of creation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm gonna just we must have some
Mike Sackton: piece of equipment that we don't care about. Right. Does anybody have like an arrow
Mike Sackton: that you don't mind losing.
Mike Sackton: We must right.
Eric Rosenbaum: For for what purpose?
Mike Sackton: I just want to stick a material in the water flow to see what happens.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Deal with. I mind losing every single one of my arrows.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, don't throw an arrow in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a sheet of paper on my character sheet.
Tim Sackton: Perfect.
Mike Sackton: Sure
Mike Sackton: I'll mage hand a sheet of paper. Does it catch on fire?
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: water drips onto it, and you can see the wetness beginning to spread, and then
Tim Sackton: the dampest parts begin to smoke, and you don't see any fire, but the paper begins to crumple from the wettest parts, as if somebody was holding fire to it, and begins to curl up and ash begins to drop away.
Mike Sackton: Okay, what about a piece of rock?
Mike Sackton: Does it? Does it melt a piece of rock.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Eric Rosenbaum: Question.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, okay, I can build a
Eric Rosenbaum: a stone water
Eric Rosenbaum: divertment system. It's a symmetrical
Eric Rosenbaum: apparatus with a kind of catchment, and then to
Eric Rosenbaum: curving, sloping channels that
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll route all of the water down to the sides.
Tim Sackton: Made of stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Made of stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: and it's like a foot there, or something like.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ridiculously overbuilt, but was so that we could pass underneath it easily.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sort of big U Shaped thing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, no. I I can visualize what you're doing. Yeah, that seems to work quite well.
Tim Sackton: Seeker summons this thing into existence, and the water flows down off the sides, leaving a dry area in the middle
Tim Sackton: that you can safely fly through
Tim Sackton: amazing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: And that will last for
Eric Rosenbaum: 1 h. Is that right?
Tim Sackton: I think that's right.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, we have no way of getting.
Eric Rosenbaum: No
Eric Rosenbaum: 5 h. Now. Amazing.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's right, right, because it goes up with your level so that just will sit there for 5 h. So as long as you return within 5 h, it'll still be there.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I have.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can. I can also make another thing now. But yes.
Tim Sackton: You can use a I think that's only a 1st Level spell slot that you need to use to do it again.
Tim Sackton: Or maybe it's a
Tim Sackton: 3rd level spell. I forget what you can use a spell slot to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. Anyway, that's cool.
Tim Sackton: Second level spell slot to do it again.
Mike Sackton: All right. What's through the door.
Tim Sackton: The passageway turns
Tim Sackton: sharply
Tim Sackton: to the right, and then very quickly, within about 1015 feet.
Tim Sackton: opens up into another
Tim Sackton: large cavern.
Tim Sackton: about 40 feet in diameter, about 60 feet high.
Tim Sackton: The ground is sloped down to a pool at the bottom.
Tim Sackton: cluster of stalagmites.
Tim Sackton: Within the pool. You can see a number of places where it looks like.
Tim Sackton: There's just somebody scooped out the stone and filled in a hole with this
Tim Sackton: like strange mud, but it's got very sharp.
Tim Sackton: Very sharp borders.
Tim Sackton: and you can see kind of
Tim Sackton: here. Let me
Tim Sackton: drop you onto this map.
Tim Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Is a bad sign.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And no, it's it's just. It's just so that we can
Tim Sackton: So you can see I'm sort of milling around.
Mike Sackton: None of us can see them.
Tim Sackton: Wow! Cause your characters aren't out yet. Where are your characters here?
Tim Sackton: sorry. Hold on,
Tim Sackton: Beaker.
Tim Sackton: Well, I'll be
Tim Sackton: Kenzo
Tim Sackton: Darworth.
Tim Sackton: and like that.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Now, can you see? Yep.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry you don't have night vision now you now you have night vision. Can you see? Now?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: I need to fix Kong, too.
Tim Sackton: So obviously, you're about to roll initiative. But what you see
Tim Sackton: floating like milling around in this
Tim Sackton: giant cavern. So 1st of all, these patches, right here are this weird mud.
Tim Sackton: You can see them on the floor.
Tim Sackton: you can see.
Tim Sackton: yeah, because this is a zoom range. Yeah. So like.
Tim Sackton: maybe just just on the edge of your dark vision, you can see
Tim Sackton: you can see 2 of these like, weird,
Tim Sackton: What look like giant fire lizards, but surrounded by ice.
Tim Sackton: You can see.
Tim Sackton: want to.
Tim Sackton: Of these.
Mike Sackton: Sorry when you say you can see 2. Are we supposed to actually be seeing 2.
Tim Sackton: There's there's 1 just outside of the range of your dark vision like up up here.
Tim Sackton: So here now you should be able to see it
Tim Sackton: now? Can you see it?
Mike Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: My direction is 60 feet, though
Mike Sackton: something should. But anyway, it doesn't matter.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't matter. Okay, there's 2. There's 2.
Tim Sackton: Well, there's 1 that you can easily see close to you of this kind of
Tim Sackton: stone creature that is
Tim Sackton: it. It seems to be made. It's like a giant ape made of air, but there's
Tim Sackton: stone sort of stuck onto it clumped around it?
Tim Sackton: And then in the very center.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Why did an error occur?
Tim Sackton: In the very.
Tim Sackton: in the very center of the
Tim Sackton: stop it
Tim Sackton: already beyond this, acting up
Tim Sackton: In the very center you can see
Tim Sackton: what looks like a
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: cluster of stones that are held together. With
Tim Sackton: a rainstorm like water and mud, kind of sticking these giant stones together. It looks like a like a
Tim Sackton: whirlwind made out of mud.
Tim Sackton: and there seems to be like little flashes of lightning inside it.
Tim Sackton: And they all turn
Tim Sackton: as you appear.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: role initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: What the heck
Eric Rosenbaum: are we up against here.
Mike Sackton: It's like the weirdo
Mike Sackton: crazy alternate.
Mike Sackton: it's dual lands. Actually forget crazy alternate. It's all dual lands, right air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Literally do a lance.
Mike Sackton: Literally dual lands, right like air, air, earth.
Mike Sackton: fire, water, and air.
Mike Sackton: Wait! What was the what was the the middle one? It's
Mike Sackton: were there 2.
Tim Sackton: The the middle one is earth, water.
Tim Sackton: water, there's air, earth, and there's fire, water.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: seeker and Welby, did you? Did I get your initiatives.
Eric Rosenbaum: 13.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 20 altogether.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: okay. So while B gets the jump.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are these things hostile, like what's going on.
Tim Sackton: I mean, they seem to be
Tim Sackton: turning and converging on you, but you don't necessarily have to attack them if you don't want to.
Tim Sackton: can hold initiative until you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I think it's pretty clear they're trying to kill us.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, this feels, this feels kill us, type.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And remember the lesson from Fausto was murder first? st
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will shoot the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): tell me again the one directly up versus the one to the right.
Tim Sackton: This one here.
Tim Sackton: this one is like air.
Tim Sackton: earth.
Tim Sackton: this one is like earth water.
Tim Sackton: This one is fire, ice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Air, earth sounds good to me.
Tim Sackton: This one here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So while we
Tim Sackton: knocks an arrow
Tim Sackton: and fires.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And fires. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): take steady aim and.
Tim Sackton: That hits
Tim Sackton: an arrow strikes this whirling.
Tim Sackton: So what's that? 31 damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And is it holding anything?
Tim Sackton: It is not, it is not holding anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it cute? Does it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): eyes or.
Mike Sackton: What was Kenzo's initiative. By the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14.
Tim Sackton: it does.
Tim Sackton: Does it have eyes? Yes, it has eyes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right. No, that's just fine. Okay, so I'll feel my damage, and then you'll have advantage against that one.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So so Kenzo's next.
Mike Sackton: Tim, does this circle hit the
Mike Sackton: all 3? I can't quite see if it hits.
Tim Sackton: That does not hit the that only hits 2.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I don't think I can get 3.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tennel soulcite.
Tim Sackton: Which one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When do you guys think I should, Sol? Say it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's hear.
Mike Sackton: One with the maybe the double, the one that there's 2 of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, good idea! Alright! I'll I'll do that, Tim.
Tim Sackton: The fire ice this one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Fire. Ice is immune to cold and fire damage
Tim Sackton: also
Tim Sackton: immune to the poison condition and resistant to poison damage. But no, no other immunities.
Tim Sackton: bad at
Tim Sackton: strength.
Tim Sackton: good at dexterity.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you all still hear me? Can you hear me? Can you still hear me?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My computer is like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: completely frozen. It's like, I guess I'm talking. But it's not so I can't unless I'd restart my computer. So maybe I can. Or somebody can roll for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't even see the map. Exactly. So. Which one am I closest to if I wanted to attack somebody.
Tim Sackton: I mean you might
Tim Sackton: go for the one that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's that's a good. That's
Mike Sackton: you're
Mike Sackton: you could easily reach that one. I mean, you could probably reach any of them actually. But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll I'll what you what triple the one you suggest is great. I can't see it exactly. But oh, wait. Oh, okay, there it is. Okay, thank God, alright. So now I can. I can see on the map again. I don't. I can only see 2.
Mike Sackton: There's 3. 0, yeah, cause you're blocked. Your line of sight is blocked from one of them.
Mike Sackton: If you move towards.
Mike Sackton: you'll be able to see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, cool. Yeah. So which one do you think I should go for.
Mike Sackton: This one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mud patches might be creatures, too. Don't.
Mike Sackton: Don't step on the mud patch, but you're flying. We're all flying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This way. This guy right over here.
Mike Sackton: No, go for this guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So one second, when you get
Tim Sackton: so let's see. So you're flying. So you started here. So you went
Tim Sackton: when you when you get within about 20 feet. What's this? Fly? Speed on the fly spell.
Mike Sackton: 60.
Tim Sackton: Okay, when you get within about 20 feet of the creature.
Tim Sackton: you enter this kind of whirling vortex like it's buffeting you. It's difficult terrain.
Tim Sackton: But you still have enough speed to reach to reach it and attack it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So staff attack. No. I rolled a 1.
Tim Sackton: Missus.
Tim Sackton: you have advantage. Oh, God!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I manage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love that 17.
Tim Sackton: 17 misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There we go, 25.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will do a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: charisma wisdom or calling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll try doing. An aura strike.
Tim Sackton: Okay, which which one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: DC. 16 Charisma.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It fails.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. So now,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that one is, it's charmed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's cool.
Tim Sackton: So there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, so.
Tim Sackton: Like a fact
Tim Sackton: that it has it like is minus one d. 6, Wendy, Florida
Tim Sackton: attacks, or something. I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it's just charge until the start of your next turn, and while charges way, the target cannot take reactions and must roll one d. 4 and subtract the number, rolls from all ability, checks and attack roles on a success.
Tim Sackton: So it
Tim Sackton: staggers back.
Tim Sackton: I'll just use that icon to
Tim Sackton: indicate
Tim Sackton: even though it's not unconscious it staggers back. Dazed by Kenzo's strike.
Tim Sackton: You still get your bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that was 15 damage unarmed. Strike!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15! This is right.
Tim Sackton: 15 misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there still advantage or no.
Tim Sackton: There's it's advantage on all attacks, Schwartz.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think so. Let me double check
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): attack rolls against that target. Have advantage until the start of your next turn.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so yeah, advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Damn it! I, fucking roll the 15 again. Shit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright! I'm gonna spend a key for another. Oh, my God! I rolled another one.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Santa.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is insane.
Mike Sackton: But you have advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15. That's not bad.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no! Only for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hold 2, 5. I hold 3 fives and 2 twos.
Mike Sackton: Biting.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is Kenzo is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Off by these weird dual land creatures.
Mike Sackton: Right. It's too unnatural for you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It? Is, it totally is. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That makes sense, that ends your turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! That was horrible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, this is charmed.
Tim Sackton: So it is now the elementals turn.
Tim Sackton: This one.
Tim Sackton: is going to
Tim Sackton: move.
Mike Sackton: Sorry which one is this one, that one.
Tim Sackton: This one here is gonna move?
Tim Sackton: one sorry. Let me see what his quiet speed is.
Tim Sackton: 30 feet. So it's
Tim Sackton: oh, no, okay. It's not gonna.
Eric Rosenbaum: New.
Tim Sackton: That's going to move.
Eric Rosenbaum: Me!
Tim Sackton: It's going to move to here.
Tim Sackton: And then it's going to turn around and
Tim Sackton: from this whirling vortex around it expands briefly for a second.
Tim Sackton: And the air turns
Tim Sackton: violent within 30 feet around it. So Kenzo, Darwyd and Welby all have to make
Tim Sackton: strength. Saving throws.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Strength.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure it's not dexterity.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): X.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm pretty sure that Tim's misspoke
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude. The fuck is going on with me today at 12.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Darwyd manages to plant his feet on the ground.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dennis!
Tim Sackton: Hold on.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's right, you're all flying.
Tim Sackton: doesn't really matter the force of the wind pushes Kenzo and
Tim Sackton: dealt with up, but you're flying. You're just flying now, 10 feet higher in the air.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Kids are dealt with, or.
Tim Sackton: Sorry not dealt with Kenzo and Welby.
Tim Sackton: and you are restrained by the
Tim Sackton: force of the wind grappling around you
Tim Sackton: so you can't move as the wind
Tim Sackton: elapses around like
Tim Sackton: engulfs you.
Tim Sackton: and then it is going to
Tim Sackton: turn and
Tim Sackton: punch
Tim Sackton: at Kenzo. 17.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A/C. 1818,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18, A/C.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, but it has advantage because you're restrained. So that's an 18 that hits
Tim Sackton: you. Take 12 points of bludgeoning damage.
Tim Sackton: and then its second attack is going to miss as you dodged out of the way. But as this earth, as this fist just appears
Tim Sackton: of earth and strikes you as you're held in place by this whirlwind
Tim Sackton: and as it
Tim Sackton: as the force of the 1st strike that hits you, crashes into you
Tim Sackton: doesn't matter, because your speed is already 0. But your speed is now 0.
Tim Sackton: this.
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: this one here, now
Tim Sackton: flying 1, 2, 3,
Tim Sackton: 4, 5,
Tim Sackton: 6, and it's gonna dash 1, 2, 3, 4,
Tim Sackton: 5,
Tim Sackton: 6,
Tim Sackton: And that will end its turn seeker. You're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: linear binding takes an hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: Magic circle takes a minute.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just looking at all the things related to like elementals and stuff that I can do.
Eric Rosenbaum: related to them.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, those aren't really
Tim Sackton: in the middle of combat spells.
Eric Rosenbaum: Realizing that
Eric Rosenbaum: the the guy that Kenzo so cited is weak on
Eric Rosenbaum: Dex. Is that true?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that was that was this fire thing over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm sorry I didn't see where.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, over there.
Eric Rosenbaum: fire thing! I will cast a retaliatory, erupting earth on the fire thing
Eric Rosenbaum: or no, I should attack the one we've been attacking already.
Mike Sackton: No if you're not making an attack roll, it doesn't matter
Mike Sackton: as much.
Mike Sackton: Alright. I was just gonna say, gee.
Mike Sackton: finish your turn when it's my turn I need to decide. If we keep fly or not. I'm gonna ask you.
Eric Rosenbaum: They still.
Mike Sackton: They care about fly, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Kind of do. Okay? Erupting earth
Eric Rosenbaum: is, has a range of 120, so that should be fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: This one over here.
Tim Sackton: Okay and sorry how big is the area of erupting earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's small, isn't it? It's
Eric Rosenbaum: a 20 foot cube. It's not that small.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so it's not.
Tim Sackton: But you can't get. You can't get multiples. Then it's too small to get multiples.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: or.
Tim Sackton: So 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: He'll get.
Tim Sackton: Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: The I can get the one of the patches
Eric Rosenbaum: this one up here.
Tim Sackton: You can do it like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, this is so confusing!
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
Tim Sackton: That you doing? Who's doing the red thing.
Mike Sackton: That's me. I'm trying to figure out if I should cast a spell or attack.
Mike Sackton: but now I can get 3 of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: That looks good. Okay? So I.
Tim Sackton: There!
Eric Rosenbaum: Acting earth. Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: 3rd Level.
Tim Sackton: And that one needs to make a
Tim Sackton: dexterity saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Poorly on damage.
Tim Sackton: It fails at save.
Mike Sackton: What was its weakest and strongest abilities?
Tim Sackton: Well, its strongest was dexterity, its weakest was Charisma.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello!
Tim Sackton: So it takes 12 points of damages as Earth erupts flying around at
Tim Sackton: and that end seeker's turn.
Tim Sackton: Unless you're doing a bonus action.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't have any, I guess. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So now.
Tim Sackton: deaths.
Tim Sackton: fire. Lizard.
Tim Sackton: Is going to
Tim Sackton: run 10,
Tim Sackton: 2030
Tim Sackton: through this erupting earth.
Tim Sackton: and then dash 10,
Tim Sackton: 5, 1015, 20,
Tim Sackton: 25,
Tim Sackton: 30.
Tim Sackton: And it is going to attack Welby
Tim Sackton: as it reaches forward with its
Tim Sackton: with its clause.
Tim Sackton: And that is going oops
Tim Sackton: that is going to miss.
Tim Sackton: and then it's
Tim Sackton: second.
Tim Sackton: One is going to miss as well be dodges out of the way of both of these
Tim Sackton: rakes of flaming claws.
Tim Sackton: And then it is going to hiss
Tim Sackton: and spit
Tim Sackton: a seed of flame. That's this ice shard that launches and it lands
Tim Sackton: right here
Tim Sackton: and bursts into fire.
Tim Sackton: Let me see if I've got a
Tim Sackton: good
Tim Sackton: that spreads along the ground.
Tim Sackton: where did you go? Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And a 15 foot radius from that point.
Tim Sackton: So this entire area is now burning.
Mike Sackton: But we're all flying
Mike Sackton: is a flame. How high up to the flames reach.
Tim Sackton: 10 feet.
Mike Sackton: How high is the ceiling.
Tim Sackton: 40 feet, so you can certainly
Tim Sackton: get away from the flame.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I would assume we're probably not even
Mike Sackton: I don't know. If anybody came down I would have assumed we probably would be flying at about 20 feet when we
Mike Sackton: came in.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Middle middle height, right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay. So you're probably the fire is probably burning just below you.
Mike Sackton: How tall is this creature.
Tim Sackton: Probably actually it well, we would have been out of its reach, but it missed with both of his tax, anyway. So I don't think it really matters.
Tim Sackton: This one is now going to run here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hold up, Tim, am I restrained? Otherwise I'll use my reaction to move away from the sky.
Tim Sackton: You are restrained by the wind.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And actually, you'd be like 30 feet up in the air because the whirlwind is gradually dragging you upward.
Tim Sackton: This one is. This one is now dealt with as next. This one is now going to
Tim Sackton: Turn to
Tim Sackton: to
Tim Sackton: Kenzo. Sorry, and it's gonna shoot from its tongue this
Tim Sackton: chat of flame.
Tim Sackton: the 1st one. Well, Kenzo dodges from the second one flies
Tim Sackton: and hits Kenzo
Tim Sackton: doing 13 points of fire damage.
Tim Sackton: and let's say, is, are any of you in?
Tim Sackton: Okay? Yeah. So it'll it moved to there.
Tim Sackton: okay, that will end its turn. But but, Kenzo, you are close enough now that you can feel the frost.
Tim Sackton: Whirling around this thing.
Tim Sackton: Clinging to your body, beginning to encase you in ice, both reducing your speed and meaning that you take damage if you move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it's.
Mike Sackton: Is that true for us, too, over here.
Tim Sackton: No cause. You're flying too high. You're flying high enough out of the radius.
Tim Sackton: They don't seem to be. They seem to be acting somewhat chaotically, and not any particular organized fashion deal with Europe.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So
Mike Sackton: probably dispelling the fly is actually a terrible idea, because Seeker will fall into the fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and.
Tim Sackton: Well be actually oh, no! Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: We know.
Tim Sackton: Would fall into the fire. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do have a mild allergy to 5. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We do know that the problem is a lot of my spells are concentration.
Mike Sackton: but I don't. It's not that static would hurt Kenzo, even if he makes his save. So that's not a very good one to cast.
Mike Sackton: I don't want to only get 2 of them.
Mike Sackton: They're all just walking on the ground. Oh, wait!
Tim Sackton: No, only the ice ones are walking on the ground. The other ones are all flying.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I could get 3 of them right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Could somebody summarize what we know about the like element
Eric Rosenbaum: pairings so like just
Eric Rosenbaum: rattle off what they are. One is.
Mike Sackton: Fire, ice.
Mike Sackton: earth, air, earth, water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sort of implying the existence of it. 3 others seekers.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just in.
Tim Sackton: Puzzle it out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Casting spells, but also like
Eric Rosenbaum: paper, like Oh.
Mike Sackton: I guess so I can fly past the sky right.
Tim Sackton: This one in front of you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. As long as you're high up
Tim Sackton: you need to be 30, 20 feet up to be outside of the ice radius.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so.
Tim Sackton: Which you are. You're 20 feet up.
Mike Sackton: I will fly
Mike Sackton: oops
Mike Sackton: so I will fly. So I'm not going to get rid of the fly spell. But I'm gonna tell everybody you might want to get in a position where you don't need fly anymore.
Mike Sackton: I can't tell you, because that's not me.
Mike Sackton: I will fly over to here
Mike Sackton: actually, can I stand right? Can I be right there, or is that too close to the.
Tim Sackton: You can be there. Yeah, okay, no. You can be there.
Mike Sackton: I'll go over there, but I'm not going down.
Mike Sackton: So I'm still.
Tim Sackton: 30 feet in the air.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: that's 30 feet in the air.
Mike Sackton: And then I'm gonna cast synaptic static on
Mike Sackton: the circle
Mike Sackton: where.
Tim Sackton: Gets these 3.
Mike Sackton: Where it gets this. Yeah, there was a certain yeah, like, right?
Mike Sackton: Right? There ish.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So, DC, 19, int. Save.
Tim Sackton: That's a fail!
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Fell.
Mike Sackton: Okay, they all take 25 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: psychiac damage.
Mike Sackton: And anytime they make an attack roll or an ability check, roll one d. 6 and subtract it.
Mike Sackton: They can repeat at the end of each turn the Int. Save to get rid of the date d. 6, minus.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: that ends your turn.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I don't think I want to
Mike Sackton: mark that guy.
Mike Sackton: Do we have any sense? We have no idea which ones are these? What was the level. Oh, Kenzo, didn't Kenzo soul sight this guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did.
Tim Sackton: They're none of them are super strong. They're like
Tim Sackton: the one you sole sighted is like CR. 6.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But there's a lot of them.
Mike Sackton: So that's Dan's.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So now this, this one's this one's turn.
Tim Sackton: it is going to
Tim Sackton: move
Tim Sackton: 60 feet
Tim Sackton: to there
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: flying within
Tim Sackton: within, close to deal with. And now you can deal with, you can feel that there's these like you can see. There's these whirling blades of stone that are flying
Tim Sackton: things slashing into you.
Tim Sackton: So moving within this aura is like, it's like spike growth. You're gonna take damage every time you try and move. As long as you're.
Mike Sackton: Attack.
Tim Sackton: Feet of this creature. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Which.
Tim Sackton: Long as you're
Tim Sackton: the this one right here.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so that, okay, fine.
Tim Sackton: As long as you don't move you can sort of
Tim Sackton: deflect these flying shards of and then it is going to
Tim Sackton: girl a.
Mike Sackton: Is it supposed to be within 10 feet of me?
Tim Sackton: It is within 10 feet of you. Oh, sorry! That's Kenzel.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Not dealt with. It's
Tim Sackton: the supplies to Ken's are not dollar it is now going to hurl a
Tim Sackton: lightning storm
Tim Sackton: at Delworth. Make a constitution saving, throw.
Mike Sackton: 14.
Tim Sackton: That succeeds.
Tim Sackton: So you take 11 points of lightning damage.
Tim Sackton: and then it will
Tim Sackton: send a
Tim Sackton: wind shrieking wind talon towards
Tim Sackton: Penzo, which misses
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: There's this like
Tim Sackton: booming sound as this stone
Tim Sackton: carpets. Around this
Tim Sackton: creature are rops
Tim Sackton: and shards this like loud ringing noise.
Tim Sackton: Concussive shock wave erupts from this creature towards all 4 of you. Everybody has to make a
Tim Sackton: constitution saving throw.
Mike Sackton: Half.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you all take
Tim Sackton: sorry I didn't see what Kong rolled
Tim Sackton: 70.
Tim Sackton: Everybody except Kong. Everybody except Kenzo takes
Tim Sackton: 16 points of thunder damage
Tim Sackton: seeker is pushed
Tim Sackton: 10 feet backwards.
Tim Sackton: While B is restrained and can't move. Kenzo deal with
Tim Sackton: can't move because you're against the wall.
Tim Sackton: Good afternoon.
Tim Sackton: and that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where I want.
Tim Sackton: Turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anyway.
Tim Sackton: Welby, it's your turn.
Tim Sackton: You are currently restrained by this whirling whirlwind.
Tim Sackton: You can make a save at the end of your turn to break free.
Tim Sackton: That gives you disadvantage on attack rolls.
Tim Sackton: You are not at the moment in danger from
Tim Sackton: From the
Tim Sackton: either the icy aura or the fire as you're 30 feet up in the air.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Am I in melee with the guy next to me?
Tim Sackton: No, you're not. It's on the ground. It's not flying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that case, I guess I will take
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): steady aim at the 1st one still
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and shoot it. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and then try and break free at the end of the.
Tim Sackton: So that's a straight roll.
Mike Sackton: The 1st one being this guy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, between the 2 of you.
Mike Sackton: And, Tim, you're tracking the ones you're tracking the ones with some that deck because they get minus d six's on their attacks.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm only rolling if they would. Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: They would hit.
Tim Sackton: Naturally miss that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. That's another 34.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Once I remember the guy that I hit is charmed.
Tim Sackton: Yup! So the guy! So everybody
Tim Sackton: 4 out of the 5 have to roll something and subtract it from everything they did.
Tim Sackton: Awesome strength.
Tim Sackton: Yes, it's it's another strength, save
Tim Sackton: you break free
Tim Sackton: muscle your way out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: You are no longer restrained, and you can disengage from the whirlwind that is surrounding you. Kenzo. It is your turn.
Tim Sackton: Okay, this one in front of you that has the whirlwind restraining you looks pretty badly hurt.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will kill that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But as I have initiatives, are we? Is this place like some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know? If you were to like map the elemental planes as like a bunch of like cubes or geometric shapes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are we sitting at some like weird point on a Venn diagram, or like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, where, like each of the planes happens to like touch like their, you know, the corners, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: You don't seem to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why, why is it all? Why are all these weird combo things happening? What's what's going on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, seeker's wondering about that, too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we have any hypotheses?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, you know, we're gonna fight until these things. But you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have a screening. Then
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm working on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Ken's is musing about this. He's like using the telepathic group chat as we're like dispatching of these, you know, things
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of just mused with everybody like what? What is going on? Alright! I will attack the dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and 26.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure he has.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does 15 damage kill it?
Tim Sackton: 15 damage kills it, the whirlwind ends. You are no longer restrained.
Tim Sackton: You are still flying, so you do not fall to the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Love that for myself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the one above me, or like top diagonal, diagonal, upright, or is, are either one of those wounded.
Mike Sackton: All 3 of those.
Tim Sackton: Everybody is wounded. The only one that's not wounded is this one down by Welby?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna engage this one right here.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So as you, as you move
Tim Sackton: like the ice is from this
Tim Sackton: thing, is cracking around you and
Tim Sackton: not only do you take damage from.
Tim Sackton: So let me see the ice.
Tim Sackton: Cracking around you does 5 points of damage, and you also take 5 points of damage as these
Tim Sackton: knife, sharp.
Tim Sackton: whirling pieces of stone lying around this one smack into you. So a total of 10 points of damage as you move to close in with this
Tim Sackton: creature here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I still get my second attack?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: excellent
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: advantage still, or no.
Tim Sackton: No advantage!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's gonna miss. Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is.
Tim Sackton: 13 misses. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. Do some unarmed strikes? Fuck. Yeah. Natural. 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now we're talking.
Tim Sackton: I got
Tim Sackton: that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2D. 10
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what? I only did. 10 damage on that. That's annoying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, what was this guy's? this is the same type as before, right?
Tim Sackton: Yes, this is the same type that you sold cited baddit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will do I'll do another aura. Strike.
Tim Sackton: This one's.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, bad at the flame. Ones are
Tim Sackton: are bad at
Tim Sackton: int and good at
Tim Sackton: charisma. Sorry. Go to Dex.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: About it. And yeah, let's do. Let's do a aura strike again. So DC, 16.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: Succeeds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Our last last attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That hits very much. 29 damage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or sorry. 29.
Tim Sackton: Yep. Not hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And 9 damage.
Tim Sackton: This one is also looking fairly wounded at this point.
Tim Sackton: And that's going to end Kenza's turn as he finishes punching this weird, flaming ice creature.
Tim Sackton: and then.
Tim Sackton: wow! This d Andy, beyond combat tracker is really quite
Tim Sackton: terrible.
Tim Sackton: okay, these, this remaining
Tim Sackton: whirling Earth thing
Tim Sackton: is going to.
Tim Sackton: Let's see, deal with. You're like 30 feet up in the air.
Mike Sackton: Correct.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: it's going to fly diagonally up towards Delwind.
Tim Sackton: closing in around you and then
Tim Sackton: Slamming into you with
Tim Sackton: an earth buying strike. Oh, 23. So
Tim Sackton: what is it? One d. 6.
Mike Sackton: 26.
Tim Sackton: That's a 19.
Mike Sackton: Is this.
Mike Sackton: it can at the end of its turn it can make a saved breakout.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, and that's a
Tim Sackton: 20. Would that 20 would have.
Mike Sackton: Missus, 21, a. 6.
Tim Sackton: 20 misses already. Okay?
Tim Sackton: so neither one hits. But then it is going to
Tim Sackton: The like.
Tim Sackton: Sorry I was messaging
Tim Sackton: something. What else is happening in the background? I lost my train of thought there. Both of its attacks missed.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: okay, but it is going to this one has not used its its whirlwind. So it is now going to try and
Tim Sackton: and trap
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and Welby and Delworth in
Tim Sackton: a whirlwind. Again.
Mike Sackton: What's the same.
Tim Sackton: Strengths.
Tim Sackton: DC. 14. Strength save for all of you.
Tim Sackton: Now.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, strength save.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you roll? My? And my computer is like hanging up and slow again.
Mike Sackton: I got it
Mike Sackton: 19. Kenzo's fine.
Tim Sackton: And that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Tim Sackton: With, and while we are now restrained and trapped in this
Tim Sackton: whirling whirlwind, and that will end its turn and bring up seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: So the.
Mike Sackton: Make another DC. 19, save to break it.
Tim Sackton: Yes!
Mike Sackton: Go ahead. Seeker. Sorry I should be reminded.
Eric Rosenbaum: Evening, Tim.
Tim Sackton: Nope, it does not break out of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this one of the guys that was bad at
Eric Rosenbaum: Int. The
Eric Rosenbaum: this is the fire ice. No fire.
Tim Sackton: Fire ice ones are
Tim Sackton: bad at int. Yes, none of these are particularly. None of them are really particularly good at Int.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I'll I'll
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, bravely whoops!
Eric Rosenbaum: Reposition myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: oops! I'm trying to move my token
Eric Rosenbaum: like here, and like up even closer to the ceiling.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, 30, 35 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: and cast rune of psychic destruction.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: On that guy.
Tim Sackton: This one right in front of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, and.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Tim Sackton: Bells.
Eric Rosenbaum: And save.
Tim Sackton: So it takes the damage and
Tim Sackton: is stunned.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's incapacitated.
Tim Sackton: Incapacitated.
Tim Sackton: Where is incapacity over here? We'll just use.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me know when we'll be, can interject something.
Tim Sackton: I like this. Yep, here we go.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: that ends. Seekers turn while B. You want to interject something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, Welby says telepathically different.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): hey? So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you see those 2 bats up there flying around near the ceiling trying to get out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They're not bats, and they don't speak a language that I can speak, but they're trying to get out of here. They seem scared by what's going on.
Mike Sackton: Seems scared. You said.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, like, they seem like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): there's something pretending to be bats or shapeshifted into bats or.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can say.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Add the bats.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know what to do about that, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I,
Eric Rosenbaum: with my experience, polymorphing, look at something and infer that at least it's not
Eric Rosenbaum: originally that creature, or maybe what it was.
Tim Sackton: Polymorph is very convincing. Transformation.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I I see the bats, though. Yes.
Tim Sackton: When you you sort of look around, they're actually really good at hiding. What's what's seekers? Passive perception?
Tim Sackton: It's not super high.
Eric Rosenbaum: 15.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no, you would have to take an action to search to see them. You don't know what you don't know what Bobby's talking about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, yeah, I don't know what you're talking about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, no, I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah.
Tim Sackton: Meanwhile.
Eric Rosenbaum: Leave you.
Tim Sackton: This creature is stunned, but this other fire creature is going to
Tim Sackton: Like you see this
Tim Sackton: world! The sort of lightning
Tim Sackton: densing around it, and then
Tim Sackton: It is going to
Tim Sackton: again spit a flame tongue at
Tim Sackton: at Penzo
Tim Sackton: with advantage, because you're restrained.
Tim Sackton: The 1st one misses
Tim Sackton: second one misses.
Tim Sackton: and that will end its turn, and this one's done, so nothing happens. Deal with is up.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: the one right in front of me.
Mike Sackton: I could attack it, but I'd have disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: Correct.
Mike Sackton: Okay, and the bats. How high up is the ceiling from here? Can I see the bats? I have passive perception. 16.
Mike Sackton: You can.
Tim Sackton: See the bat.
Mike Sackton: Feet, up!
Tim Sackton: You can see the ceiling, but but you don't see.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. No.
Tim Sackton: Ceiling is about 60 feet up.
Mike Sackton: Does
Mike Sackton: does well. B. Know where the bats are.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, I can direct.
Tim Sackton: They're sort of yeah, while they can give you a rough estimation. They're like.
Tim Sackton: right
Tim Sackton: there at the ceiling.
Tim Sackton: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: Is there an obvious way out? Are they gonna skip? Okay, be? Well, B. Can you tell me if the bats are, gonna get out of here in the next turn or 2, or do we have a few minutes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean there.
Mike Sackton: See a way out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They're trying to get past me. I mean, they're they're on their way.
Tim Sackton: Way out, right past welby.
Mike Sackton: Oh, oh, I see they're flying this way through the corner.
Mike Sackton: Okay,
Mike Sackton: should we?
Mike Sackton: Should I try and go after the bats.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): don't know.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna attack this guy first, st because I can go after the bats. Well, I'm not gonna do anything. So the guy in front.
Eric Rosenbaum: So Soulcite, the bats.
Mike Sackton: 30, I assume, or I have disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Oh! Crying out loud, does 15 hit.
Tim Sackton: Dean does.
Tim Sackton: Wait! Which one is. This 15 does not happen.
Mike Sackton: I quitted
Mike Sackton: the 19 hit.
Tim Sackton: 19 hits. Yes.
Mike Sackton: that's 18 damage.
Tim Sackton: Got it.
Mike Sackton: 3rd attack?
Mike Sackton: Does an 18 hit.
Tim Sackton: 18 hits.
Mike Sackton: That's oops!
Mike Sackton: 11 plus 6
Mike Sackton: oh, 17 damage!
Mike Sackton: So 17 and 17.
Tim Sackton: This thing is badly wounded. At this point.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Like to die, but.
Mike Sackton: Should I abandon you guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you mean?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Fly after the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll follow the bats.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dang.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Trick is. Can you speak to them like they.
Mike Sackton: Well, I have tongues.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Returns. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Give telepathy.
Mike Sackton: I don't.
Mike Sackton: If I give up on all of you flying, I could detect thoughts and read their minds, but then the fly would go away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, but only who else is flying? I'm I'm flying my own.
Mike Sackton: No, you're not.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Using the raven whistle, you could switch.
Tim Sackton: Too violent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Although.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is currently Kenzo and Darwind are currently restrained by the.
Mike Sackton: Well, no, I'm misty stepping. So okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So I'm going to misty step 30 feet
Mike Sackton: that way.
Mike Sackton: Sorry 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: so I'll be right there. But I'm high enough up that
Mike Sackton: I'm not
Mike Sackton: burning.
Tim Sackton: You're not in the fire right.
Mike Sackton: Sorry! Let me tick off misty step. I'll actually use a spell slot for that
Mike Sackton: instead of a packed slot, so I can cast tongues if needed.
Mike Sackton: can't cast tongues this round, and then I will fly.
Mike Sackton: I haven't used any movement yet.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: So I will fly down to like
Mike Sackton: here and up to the ceiling.
Mike Sackton: They're like, Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'll fly there and position myself in the narrow spot.
Mike Sackton: kind of
Mike Sackton: close to the ceiling, right.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So I'm trying to, and
Mike Sackton: I'll hopefully, if they're trying to fly by me, I'll have a better chance at actually seeing them.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So
Tim Sackton: that ends. Dallas. Turn.
Tim Sackton: This
Tim Sackton: creature is going to move towards
Tim Sackton: towards Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: It is going to again use its wind.
Tim Sackton: Talons.
Tim Sackton: A 9. 0, wait! This one's also synoptic.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but yeah.
Tim Sackton: That's a 17. I think that misses
Tim Sackton: it does.
Mike Sackton: Oh, it's muddled! Mind turns confusion to to
Mike Sackton: that's a good spell. I should cast it more.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that was a
Tim Sackton: 24 to an 18
Tim Sackton: at
Tim Sackton: does an 18 hit. Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My armor class is 18.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that one still hits.
Tim Sackton: and that is going to do 14 points of piercing damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm I've taken a lot of damage guys.
Tim Sackton: You can deflect attacks. Remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, this is this is a a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a missile.
Tim Sackton: No, remember, you can now deflect any attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, hell, yeah, awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll do that. Why have I not been doing that? What about going on.
Tim Sackton: Because I don't bother to remind you every single combat. Eventually you'll remember on the road.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, I'll do that. Let's see. Oh, yeah, cause I took 14 damage. Right? So.
Tim Sackton: So it's 1 d 10 plus your monk level. So you automatically reduce it to 0. So you can then make an attack on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will do that. Oh, man, I've been taking a lot of totally unnecessary damage that's dumb.
Tim Sackton: What?
Mike Sackton: Can only do it once a turn.
Tim Sackton: This is your, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I roll one d. 10.
Tim Sackton: So it's
Tim Sackton: it has to make a dex. You have to spend a key.
Tim Sackton: and then it makes a deck saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 17. So it succeeds on the deck saving throw. So
Tim Sackton: oh, wait! Synaptic stack doesn't affect saving throws, does it?
Mike Sackton: Ability, checks, not saving, throws.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Tax and ability checks.
Tim Sackton: So it does not take damage from your different attack, but you also do not take any damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And that ends this turn. Welby's turn is up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the one I've been shooting is pretty badly damaged.
Tim Sackton: Pretty much. Everything that's left is badly damaged except for this flying guy.
Tim Sackton: Let's see. But you're still restrained. I'm still strained all right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're saying, I failed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Safe. Yeah, right? All right. And I'm not in melee right.
Tim Sackton: You are still not in melee. You're like 30 feet up.
Tim Sackton: perfect.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm going to shoot the one that Kenza's fighting with.
Tim Sackton: The wounded one that the ice one that's wounded, or the air mud
Tim Sackton: lightning, one that's not wounded.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll see if I can finish off the ice one that's wounded.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It made its d, it's made its dexterity check.
Tim Sackton: It made its dexterity save, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right. Straight. Roll 21.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Tim Sackton: that kills, that the ice one. This ice creature now
Tim Sackton: collapses and sort of melts in a puddle on the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Strength, to.
Tim Sackton: Strength save you are still restrained. Kenzo is up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. Yeah, I'm already engaged with this dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will try to end him. How is he looking badly winded?
Tim Sackton: This. This one in front of you is the only one that is not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And.
Tim Sackton: Badly would
Tim Sackton: I mean this one's incapacitated at the moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 17.
Tim Sackton: 17
Tim Sackton: misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Give me some inspiration!
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1818 and uphill.
Tim Sackton: 18 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. I'm only gonna roll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay, that does 10 damage, and I will do a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Get an extra, you get the inspiration. Die. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you get to roll the inspiration dive for extra thunder damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much is that?
Tim Sackton: One d, 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I do another.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What! Only one damage.
Tim Sackton: Wise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm I'm rolling terrible today. Alright! Second attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God! 13.
Tim Sackton: Mess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Normal but 2. This is horrible.
Mike Sackton: Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On unarmed. Strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright! This one hits 25. Yep!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That does 14 damage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: another second! Oh, my God! I rolled a 2
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dude.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: holy shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Coming in today.
Tim Sackton: Chem's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And struggling.
Tim Sackton: Against the dual land elementals.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fucking dual land elementals are so confusing to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I cannot believe that my average dive roll has been like a 4. This whole combat.
Tim Sackton: I think that ends. Is that all your tax.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I fucking attack 4 times and then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: only hit once. That's crazy.
Tim Sackton: You got 5. You got
Tim Sackton: 3. If you're spending a key, you get 3.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, yeah, I'll do. I'll do the 5th one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that hits 25, and that does
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 8 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, this one's now also looking pretty badly wounded. This
Tim Sackton: flying
Tim Sackton: stone creature is now going to fly diagonally up towards Welby
Tim Sackton: and well
Tim Sackton: attempt to bludgeon you
Tim Sackton: with advantage. That's
Tim Sackton: and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I have a 19 A/C.
Tim Sackton: Yeses.
Tim Sackton: 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. I will uncannily dodge it, though.
Tim Sackton: It's still synoptic. It might, it might
Tim Sackton: oh, no, that's just a 1. So that's still a 19.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright nice to meet you bye.
Tim Sackton: You're uncanny dodging. So the 13 points of bludgeon damage is reduced to 6.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: And that ends its turn that brings up seeker
Tim Sackton: dealt with you. Now notice the bats as they're flying over the
Tim Sackton: as they're flying over the fire. You can see the
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You can see the the light catching off their wings as they try and dodge through it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I see them as well.
Tim Sackton: I would say. Yes, you can see them as well as they're flying over the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Physics.
Eric Rosenbaum: so I'll confer with others. I could try a dispel magic on one of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: might put them in danger.
Mike Sackton: I think that's a bad idea. I'm gonna cast tongues and talk to them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, so we should just try to clear the room for them.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which of these the 2 closest
Eric Rosenbaum: guys should I attack? I don't have a clear sense of which one is.
Tim Sackton: Both of them are hurt.
Tim Sackton: The world, this whirling one is the one that's currently restraining well-being.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll hit the one that's restraining. Well, be with.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that seems like a good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another
Eric Rosenbaum: sroon of psychic disruption.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wait! We don't know
Eric Rosenbaum: what that one's capabilities look like.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just try a catapult on it.
Tim Sackton: That's a deck, save
Tim Sackton: Nope! That fails.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice!
Tim Sackton: Boom
Tim Sackton: catapult headset. It is not quite dead, but it is
Tim Sackton: very close to dead.
Tim Sackton: That ends
Tim Sackton: seeker's turn. Yes, okay. The
Tim Sackton: the fire.
Tim Sackton: The fire one is now going to
Tim Sackton: on the ground on it, now that it's unstuned, right, the stunned
Tim Sackton: lasts for the incapacitation lasts for one round right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's correct. Yes.
Tim Sackton: That's going to run through the fire and let's see seeker is the only one on the ground.
Tim Sackton: So it's going to run.
Tim Sackton: Seeker's not on the ground.
Tim Sackton: We both don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfect day.
Tim Sackton: Both dealt with. It's going to run to about here and then turn around and look
Tim Sackton: up in the air and shoot a
Tim Sackton: fiery tongue
Tim Sackton: charged with lightning at Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no! No! No!
Tim Sackton: that is. That's kind of a lot of damage. That's
Tim Sackton: 40 s.
Tim Sackton: 9 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: And then it's gonna miss, with its second fiery tongue attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm still
Eric Rosenbaum: conscious.
Tim Sackton: And that brings Delhi. You can see the bats just trying to fly towards you. Now.
Mike Sackton: And well, B. You think they speak some sort of language.
Tim Sackton: And hear them. Actually, as they're getting close to you, they seem to be whispering to each other in elvish.
Mike Sackton: Well, I know. Elvish.
Mike Sackton: What are they saying? Can I hear.
Tim Sackton: they so so one of them, one of them is saying.
Tim Sackton: now they're like they're they're sort of trying to like talk each other up like
Tim Sackton: well, while the the
Tim Sackton: strange
Tim Sackton: 2 legs are
Tim Sackton: fighting, now's our chance to sneak past. Come on, let's go. I don't think they can see us.
Tim Sackton: And the other one says back.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: But even if we get out.
Tim Sackton: what are we going to do?
Tim Sackton: At least we can
Tim Sackton: see what's going on, and if there's more of these.
Tim Sackton: fire creatures and water creatures
Tim Sackton: did that with
Tim Sackton: looking at you.
Tim Sackton: that that one notice us.
Mike Sackton: I'll shout out, yes.
Mike Sackton: but we're here to like.
Tim Sackton: Scatter to the sides.
Mike Sackton: Wait.
Mike Sackton: Who are you? We're here to help.
Tim Sackton: They look
Tim Sackton: very confused
Tim Sackton: and.
Mike Sackton: Somebody's in danger here is that you.
Tim Sackton: Shouts. One of them shouts to the other.
Tim Sackton: that
Tim Sackton: how does the
Tim Sackton: 2 legs
Tim Sackton: beak?
Tim Sackton: They don't look like they can. They should be able to speak, they look so strange.
Tim Sackton: and we will return to this in a moment.
Tim Sackton: Can I.
Mike Sackton: Can I cast a spell?
Mike Sackton: I didn't kiss tongues. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: should should we try and kill these things, I guess. Why not right.
Mike Sackton: At
Mike Sackton: what do I? What do I got here? I I could cast another symnatic static.
Mike Sackton: I was saving my action for tongues, but if they're just. They're speaking elvish.
Mike Sackton: Those are the only 2 that are left right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: so I should. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: There's this one here.
Mike Sackton: There's 1 that! Oh, hey! One came over to us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh, maybe I should go after that guy.
Mike Sackton: I'll shout at the bats.
Mike Sackton: Wait.
Mike Sackton: hide! But don't leave. We're here to help, and then I'll dive down to try and kill that thing.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And I will fly down to it and attack it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And as you get close to it you can feel the ice from this cold or around it. Clustering
Tim Sackton: on you that hits.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. 2, d, 8 was
Mike Sackton: 19 damage.
Tim Sackton: It's looking
Tim Sackton: fairly bad off. 13 does not hit
Tim Sackton: 25 hits.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: 19 damage.
Tim Sackton: That kills it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: The ice goes away
Tim Sackton: you feel warm again.
Tim Sackton: and that brings up Welby and Kenzo, who very likely could finish off the 2 enemies
Tim Sackton: near them
Tim Sackton: quite quickly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we do that. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I think it's probably not worth making you roll. Well, go ahead and roll, because this isn't sneak attack, because there's no well, are you going? You can shoot the one that's next to Kenzo.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure I will do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, wait! Am I still restrained.
Tim Sackton: Yup, because this one, it's this flying thing that's restraining me. So you'd have to steady aim, and then.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Amazing. Well, I'll study him and make the straight roll next to Ken's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's.
Tim Sackton: Kettle.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 20
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): awesome. I am rolling as well as Kenzo is badly.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So we're straight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hello, Little!
Tim Sackton: Doesn't matter, because your aim is perfect.
Tim Sackton: Nothing can stop Welby's aim.
Tim Sackton: as Kenzo now rushes forward
Tim Sackton: with this fly. This thing only has 8 hit points left. Kenzo with 5 attacks, I'm sure, is going to kill it. So
Tim Sackton: boom!
Tim Sackton: That one is down as well. The fire goes away.
Tim Sackton: and you find yourself now
Tim Sackton: plunged back into darkness as the as the fire ends
Tim Sackton: looking around.
Tim Sackton: and you can see Darwind speaking with these 2
Tim Sackton: bats who now seem
Tim Sackton: confused
Tim Sackton: and are flying around like
Tim Sackton: Are they dangerous?
Tim Sackton: They seem to be not quite processing the fact that you're oh, I totally forgot I had a
Tim Sackton: cave one
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's pretty good!
Tim Sackton: They seem to be not quite processing that you are
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: sentient, aware
Tim Sackton: creatures. It's almost like they've never seen
Tim Sackton: bipedal.
Tim Sackton: They've never seen a humanoid before.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who else?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, teaching teaching language to everybody who needs it.
Mike Sackton: Very unkind of the owls.
Mike Sackton: I will
Mike Sackton: try to
Mike Sackton: calm them down a little bit and explain to them that we are. I'll basically try to
Mike Sackton: sort of
Mike Sackton: tell them
Mike Sackton: the danger seems to be gone for the moment.
Mike Sackton: Are there more of you. Is anybody
Mike Sackton: in your
Mike Sackton: colony hurt?
Mike Sackton: Can we help you?
Mike Sackton: And I'll ask Kenzo to soul. Cite these guys. Are they the same as the people who were
Mike Sackton: earlier. When he did the whole sense thing. There was a group of people that were scared and in danger, that that was these.
Tim Sackton: Those are these, make up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sweet.
Tim Sackton: And chuck
Tim Sackton: They. They still seem quite nervous by you, but, as you.
Tim Sackton: you know, as you try and speak to them and
Tim Sackton: get them to calm down.
Tim Sackton: They seem to be flying in circles, unsure of what to do. And again, they're not really talking to you. They're talking to each other. You know, one of them saying like.
Tim Sackton: maybe we should go back and and ask Echo. These 2 legs seem dangerous
Tim Sackton: and the other's like, but they can speak.
Tim Sackton: How can they speak? They look nothing like, and they use like the elvish word for
Tim Sackton: people.
Tim Sackton: They look nothing like people.
Tim Sackton: and and and still they don't. It doesn't seem to quite. They're not really speaking to you. But what you do notice is they seem
Tim Sackton: quite.
Tim Sackton: I mean they're they're now flying close enough, and combat has calmed down and you can see them.
Tim Sackton: They're emaciated like they're hungry, they're thirsty. They're worn out.
Mike Sackton: Do you need food?
Mike Sackton: I'll ask them. I'll ask them if they need food.
Tim Sackton: That seems to
Tim Sackton: not exactly. I mean, they don't exactly like acknowledge you as a
Tim Sackton: you know
Tim Sackton: person, but they they look sort of curious, and the one who's been saying you know.
Tim Sackton: the the one who seems like it seems like they've been having an argument right? And the one who's a little bit more? Open.
Tim Sackton: it's like.
Tim Sackton: could could they have food? And it fly, you know, flies over close to you, and you can see this is like a large fruit bat like a flying fox type. Bat like 2 foot wingspan. Not a giant bat, not any kind of supernatural thing. Just a regular mega bat.
Mike Sackton: What do they eat? Fruit.
Tim Sackton: Fruit, presumably. Yeah. And it does. It sort of flies up, you know, flying around you. Sort of eager, clearly hungry.
Mike Sackton: I'll
Mike Sackton: presumably I have some fruit in my magical cooking pouch. I'll give it some fruit.
Tim Sackton: One would think.
Tim Sackton: dives down and grabs the fruit, and they both
Tim Sackton: start off.
Tim Sackton: Towards the far end of the cave.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna follow them. But before I do that
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna send
Mike Sackton: my links out to gather food.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I mean.
Mike Sackton: Can I ask it to gather food? I mean, it's it's enough food for
Mike Sackton: what is it? 18 people, I think.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: Got.
Mike Sackton: But I'm gonna ask it to just gather food for bats. Okay, just free. There's only there's plenty out in the jungle.
Tim Sackton: Yes, one would assume.
Mike Sackton: And.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'll then I'll follow the bats.
Tim Sackton: So are all of you. What does everybody else want to do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What else is? I want to look around this room that we're in right now.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exports.
Tim Sackton: What is he could want to do?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm also curious about exploring the cave system, but without, you know, getting out of sight of everybody else in particular, those did we learn anything about those square mud patches.
Tim Sackton: You've all been flying so nobody's like gone and stepped on one or anything.
Mike Sackton: Remember what happened last time you did this. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so I'll go up high and drop a pebble into one.
Tim Sackton: This.
Mike Sackton: How many employees do you have left.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Down into the mud and vanishes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: That could have knocked me out last year.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'm.
Tim Sackton: Very good character for seeker, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: After doing that I'll heal myself a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So while these, like searching the just exploring this cavern and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly.
Tim Sackton: Searching it while avoiding any strange patches of mysterious mud.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo
Tim Sackton: Kong! What does Kenzo do? Well, dell it. The bats took the food and ran off
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, you're me!
Tim Sackton: Seeker is trying to get himself killed by dropping pebbles on things
Tim Sackton: very nice.
Tim Sackton: Well, B. Is exploring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will. I will try to sense some consciousnesses, do some do, some sensing in here.
Tim Sackton: So just with soul site without having to use your like key ability or anything. You I mean, it's it's pretty clear that the
Tim Sackton: so the
Tim Sackton: and and you can see now that things have calmed down at the far side of this cave. There's like
Tim Sackton: about
Tim Sackton: halfway up the wall. There's like a bunch of sort of smaller tunnels that sort of lead up diagonally up and clearly.
Tim Sackton: you know, into some larger space. And there's there's probably 60 or so
Tim Sackton: bat mines in these tunnels
Tim Sackton: we're hiding up in there. This is the same thing that you sense that was scary.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Darwinth is heading in this direction.
Tim Sackton: You're still flying for another few minutes, I would assume, so you can fly up into the oh, that would be what your climb speed would be good for is.
Mike Sackton: Climbing.
Tim Sackton: Going up, climbing up into those tunnels.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So sure. So why don't you roll a perception check for well-be.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright!
Tim Sackton: So Oswell B. Looks around a little bit. There's there's a few things that you notice. one. Is that
Tim Sackton: so? These
Tim Sackton: these patches of mud seem like they were like th. This is definitely some sort of quicksand, or something like that, like anything that touches the mud just sinks down. But they're like, very, almost look like they're very precisely cut like this does not seem like a natural
Tim Sackton: phenomenal, although nothing in this cave
Tim Sackton: really seems like natural phenomenon.
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: water in this pool in the middle is completely reflective and opaque like ice, but it's
Tim Sackton: it's like moving and rippling like water.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: other than that, there's nothing
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: obvious to find.
Tim Sackton: the the bodies of these strange dual land elementals. Sort of just melted into what the the ice fire ones just melted into like puddles of water when they died. The
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: the air ones just
Tim Sackton: vanished, and the earth water. One just
Tim Sackton: fell down and just is like a puddle of mud on the ground.
Tim Sackton: But the water is strange. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When did I get diamond soul.
Tim Sackton: Last Level.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A fuck guys. I'm proficient. I'm proficient in all saving throws, and whenever I make a saving throw and fail, I can spend one key and reroll it.
Mike Sackton: That's pretty.
Tim Sackton: No, I forgot you had the.
Mike Sackton: You should do that when you fail, saving.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fucking like what the fuck everybody read your character sheet. You may have some random ass abilities you don't know about. That's that's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did not know that I had that that's very useful. That's like extremely useful. That's very powerful, anyway.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: meanwhile Darwind is is following the bats into this tunnel.
Tim Sackton: And as you fly up
Tim Sackton: there's like a sort of
Tim Sackton: slightly larger space, where there's a bunch of bats that all seem to be clustered in and hiding about 60 bats in total, all sort of packed into these tunnels.
Tim Sackton: They all looks emaciated and weak, and as you and the 2 you but there's a lot of chattering like these 2 bats that flew back with the
Tim Sackton: food are
Tim Sackton: are reporting back.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: you know, they're saying like
Tim Sackton: strange. 2 legs gave us food.
Tim Sackton: They
Tim Sackton: they killed the chaos creatures.
Tim Sackton: and everybody's chattering and saying like, Can we leave? Can we leave?
Tim Sackton: We don't know. They might be dangerous.
Tim Sackton: They seem to know how to speak, but they don't look like any beast we've ever seen.
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Maybe they're part of the chaos
Tim Sackton: blah blah! Chattering back and forth, and then
Tim Sackton: several of them see Delhi's head emerging, and one so what looks like maybe a somewhat older
Tim Sackton: sort of older bat kind of
Tim Sackton: shoves shoves their way forward and
Tim Sackton: kind of
Tim Sackton: looks like they're braced for
Tim Sackton: violence or flight. I mean, everybody looks emaciated week, and then says.
Tim Sackton: in August.
Tim Sackton: I don't know who you think you are where you learn to speak.
Tim Sackton: but we are not yours to bother.
Mike Sackton: They'll sort of be placating right like there is more food coming. I wanted to invite you to eat it
Mike Sackton: when it arrives. In a few hours.
Tim Sackton: Make a
Tim Sackton: make a precision check.
Mike Sackton: 26.
Tim Sackton: This sort of somewhat leader, looking. One
Tim Sackton: kind of looks looks wary, but also like very.
Tim Sackton: There's a gleam in their eyes like very tempted like
Tim Sackton: you can bring food for all of us.
Tim Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: I sent a
Mike Sackton: spirit helper to bring food from the jungle.
Mike Sackton: It may be
Mike Sackton: not enough to fully.
Mike Sackton: I will see how much it is, I do not know how much you eat.
Mike Sackton: It would not feed so many
Mike Sackton: one. My size.
Tim Sackton: They look kind of.
Tim Sackton: Where did you learn to speak?
Tim Sackton: It's
Tim Sackton: never seen a creature like you talk Bat before.
Tim Sackton: I've never seen a creature like you.
Mike Sackton: I'll tell him a story about how I'm an elf, and my people learn to speak from
Mike Sackton: America, and Aldenar the Wild star and the living tree.
Mike Sackton: and it was one of the 1st languages that people spoke.
Mike Sackton: although I guess the dwarfs
Mike Sackton: we're speaking around the same time. But you know one of the first.st
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice nice.
Mike Sackton: My
Mike Sackton: people in our gods taught many things to speak our language.
Tim Sackton: Strange
Tim Sackton: strange tales.
Mike Sackton: You learn to speak.
Tim Sackton: That seems to
Tim Sackton: relax a little bit and and kind of
Tim Sackton: signals.
Tim Sackton: the rest of the bats kind of hovering around, and and everybody's kind of eagerly, now pressing forward like the news of food having spread
Tim Sackton: well
Tim Sackton: from my mother, obviously.
Mike Sackton: And do you have any tales of
Mike Sackton: how your mother's mother's mother's mother's mothers learned to speak.
Tim Sackton: Canopy might remember.
Tim Sackton: He is the eldest.
Mike Sackton: They seem.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna tell Pat like, can we? I'm where is everybody else but.
Tim Sackton: I I think at this point, probably, you know, the bats are beginning to stream out into the main cave.
Tim Sackton: and so everybody's kind of around the same area. Still, while these kind of
Tim Sackton: poking at this weird liquid ice a little bit,
Mike Sackton: Oh, well.
Tim Sackton: A while.
Mike Sackton: And encourage everybody else to land.
Mike Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: because fly is probably about done.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, at this point, flies probably about done.
Mike Sackton: I might cast another spell.
Mike Sackton: Are there
Mike Sackton: more like you who speak.
Tim Sackton: Well, there's
Tim Sackton: blaze, of course, and
Tim Sackton: fire
Tim Sackton: slither, and
Tim Sackton: all of the people who live in the mangroves and
Tim Sackton: canopy
Tim Sackton: baldest. Yes, of course there's many.
Tim Sackton: Where does Ken appear?
Eric Rosenbaum: Husband.
Mike Sackton: Live?
Mike Sackton: Do do all those who speak?
Mike Sackton: Are they all
Mike Sackton: like you.
Mike Sackton: or are they other creatures and shapes.
Tim Sackton: You know, all different shapes can speak just
Tim Sackton: unlike you.
Mike Sackton: Have you met 2 eggs before.
Tim Sackton: No, it is very strange
Tim Sackton: you carry such
Tim Sackton: bizarre accoutrements.
Tim Sackton: and your skin is weird.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Shining like.
Tim Sackton: and strange colors.
Tim Sackton: red and silver and green.
Tim Sackton: Why do you have such strange coloured skin?
Mike Sackton: Adam.
Mike Sackton: They really want to explain clothes to bats.
Mike Sackton: We. We change our skins, depending on the environment and the situation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Mike Sackton: This I I tap it, and it rings like metal, protects me from
Mike Sackton: those who would harm us.
Mike Sackton: But.
Tim Sackton: This. This back just looks very confused. But
Tim Sackton: why would you leave the jungle?
Tim Sackton: All there is is
Tim Sackton: burning dryness and crashing waves?
Tim Sackton: It's gap.
Tim Sackton: So why would you need to change? Your skin
Tim Sackton: makes no sense.
Tim Sackton: You are not normal people.
Mike Sackton: It is true we are strange.
Mike Sackton: but at
Mike Sackton: perhaps our strangeness.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. I'm too tired to think of how deal with would say this, but you should appreciate like
Mike Sackton: nicely right like, but you know, sometimes strangeness can can bring gifts to those who encounter it.
Mike Sackton: We killed all the chaos creatures.
Mike Sackton: It's pretty strange to do that.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: yes, you did.
Tim Sackton: When did they appear?
Tim Sackton: When did they appear? It was just after the last full moon, when everything started to go. Strange.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many days is that.
Tim Sackton: That would be about
Tim Sackton: 2 weeks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: A little more than 2 weeks.
Mike Sackton: And that kind of how does that align with the timeline of the jade going.
Tim Sackton: It does not align with the timeline of jade.
Tim Sackton: It's roughly when it would align with just about when
Tim Sackton: Kenzo clone and deal with clone, attacked Charbon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: But when did the jade disappear?
Tim Sackton: That would have been a few days ago.
Mike Sackton: So, more recently, okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Ow pandemonium.
Mike Sackton: Would pandemonium cause elemental confusion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, there's some kind of collision of multiple planes.
Mike Sackton: Did pandemonium crash into the elemental planes, and spew strange elements into Daggar.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like, Kong was saying, like
Eric Rosenbaum: crazy Venn diagram. Intersection of all these different planes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like pandemonium crashing planes together. That's a reasonable.
Mike Sackton: And now I feel bad. Do we have to go kill all these chaos monsters?
Eric Rosenbaum: Also is this like directly our fault because of that one scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes. Well, actually, this is all directly our fault, because because of the fucking, you guys not listening to me. And then the fucking power.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, this is fat scrolls don't kill people.
Tim Sackton: So's fault, not your fault.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna ask them about the J.
Mike Sackton: Wait. The jade was here right in this cave somewhere.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: At the jade.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome. That's a good question.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: As we always do. We're like laser focused on task here. Yes.
Tim Sackton: this this bot sort of flies around a little bit
Tim Sackton: jade.
Mike Sackton: Green. I'll describe it. A glowing green rock.
Tim Sackton: Found something like that
Tim Sackton: a few months ago, I think.
Tim Sackton: lets out a series of squeaks, and this, like little like teenage bat, flies over
Tim Sackton: shiny things.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Do you know what happened to it?
Mike Sackton: Haven't.
Tim Sackton: Seen it since we fled the
Tim Sackton: chaos creatures!
Tim Sackton: I found it like a few months ago. I
Tim Sackton: it's pretty to look at
Tim Sackton: an old tree that fell down opened up a clearing in the
Tim Sackton: canopy, and I was
Tim Sackton: poking around as one does. Just you know
Tim Sackton: what's in the dirt? What's in the roots.
Tim Sackton: Why do trees fall down?
Tim Sackton: What's going to grow in the place where they collapse.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: But I found out, and it didn't look like a plant to me.
Tim Sackton: I thought about maybe taking it to Eldest and asking him, but
Tim Sackton: but I thought maybe
Tim Sackton: he would want it. Would it be?
Tim Sackton: I mean he's a tree, and I found it in a tree, so maybe it was his.
Tim Sackton: so I thought, no, it's like I probably shouldn't.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I found it so. I think you know I could keep it right. That that makes sense like it, wasn't. It? Didn't have anybody's name on it. Nobody was carrying it. It wasn't part of anybody's home.
Tim Sackton: It was
Tim Sackton: strange. It made me feel kind of
Tim Sackton: happy.
Tim Sackton: shoddy. I don't know.
Tim Sackton: I brought it back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dollop. Can you get the bat to show us where where this was? And also, can you get the bat to introduce us to this tree?
Mike Sackton: Well, I was just thinking that tree introduction might be a a good one, but I think the tree is being currently slowly killed by thorns.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We might have to go save the tree's life.
Mike Sackton: Ask what happened.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And after it brought it back, though.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's let's finish the story. Yeah. Well, I.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I guess I got a little bored eventually. I just left it lying around the cave.
Tim Sackton: I I think I
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: you know, maybe if
Tim Sackton: Half Moon before the all the bad stuff happened.
Tim Sackton: But you know, after a while, the same shiny thing just is another shiny thing, right? You have to find it
Tim Sackton: new, shiny thing to be interesting.
Mike Sackton: But it's gone now. Where do you know where you last saw it?
Tim Sackton: While it
Tim Sackton: would have been in one of the
Tim Sackton: storage caves. I guess.
Mike Sackton: Can you show us these storage keys?
Tim Sackton: Part of the
Tim Sackton: strange monsters gone.
Tim Sackton: She looked. Bat looks around like.
Tim Sackton: okay, if it's safe.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we can go. No problem.
Tim Sackton: do you.
Tim Sackton: I don't know how you move
Tim Sackton: like you just walk like animals, right? It might be a little bit tricky.
Tim Sackton: can't, can you? You know, fly.
Mike Sackton: We can, if needed.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: I'm happy to go.
Tim Sackton: Echo, is it okay? If I take them to the storage caves?
Tim Sackton: The older bat he was talking is like, sir. I mean, we're just waiting for food, right?
Tim Sackton: Maybe there's some food in this left in the storage cans. I don't know if these elementals eat.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let's go.
Tim Sackton: It flies off.
Tim Sackton: stops for a minute, looks back.
Mike Sackton: I mean we'll walk for now.
Tim Sackton: You're coming. Okay flies back. And actually, when you enter the the
Tim Sackton: the room that had the weird, ripply stone, the
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: seekers like water
Tim Sackton: thing seems to still be there, but all the like strange elemental effects seem to have stopped.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: The only thing that's left is the ice water in the pool
Tim Sackton: fly through
Tim Sackton: the bat, flies up into the tunnel. The way you came
Tim Sackton: at this point, you can probably just scramble up.
Tim Sackton: We have enough time. There's no real danger.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Come, come back to the main entrance cave and then turns and flies to the other passage
Tim Sackton: and flies up, and you pass like a series of
Tim Sackton: of caves that
Tim Sackton: they look lived in right like they're more. There's like a number. There's like vines that are strung with what appear to be like dried mangoes like hanging from these vines the central of like 3 K's, has a large basin that's lined with some kind of waterproof resin
Tim Sackton: seems to be full of rainwater that drips from channels in the ceiling.
Tim Sackton: And then there's like a bunch of stalactites that have been sort of cleared and shaped to make nice roosts and perches for for bats along basically 3 linked series of
Tim Sackton: of caves in this
Tim Sackton: that leads you to the middle one that has the big pool of water and takes you over to
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: like an area where there's a series of stalagmites that have been sort of chipped and and smooth to make a flat surface. Where there's like strips of mango that are drying, and 1st goes and grabs and eats some of the mango, and then
Tim Sackton: I think it was here.
Tim Sackton: I don't see it anymore.
Mike Sackton: When did it collapse? When did the
Mike Sackton: there was a there was it was somewhat, it was partially collapsed. Right? Do I remember that correctly from when we came in.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Oh, was there something that was partially collapsed? No.
Tim Sackton: No, there was like sort of rubble falling in the main. The 1st entrance cave, the like very entrance.
Mike Sackton: Okay of the
Mike Sackton: okay?
Tim Sackton: Huh? It's gone.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I wonder if the chaos elementals ate it?
Tim Sackton: Do they eat.
Mike Sackton: We think it.
Mike Sackton: We think it was only a few days ago that it vanished.
Mike Sackton: Have you been? You've been hiding in from the chaos since it appeared. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: a few days after it appeared, yeah, that that at the beginning it was just the
Tim Sackton: vines
Tim Sackton: attacking Eldest, and he stopped talking.
Tim Sackton: and we all fled.
Tim Sackton: But then the monsters appeared in our cave.
Tim Sackton: I think it all came from those vines, but I don't really know. It seemed weird.
Tim Sackton: Huh? That's funny. I guess it's gone. Well.
Tim Sackton: there's lots more things to find in the jungle. If you just know where to look.
Tim Sackton: You have, you know, sharp eyes, good ears.
Mike Sackton: Could you show us where you found it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that would be easy.
Tim Sackton: Do you want to go now?
Tim Sackton: It's been a while since I left the cave. It would be very nice to get outside. Yeah, I bet the sun is shining.
Tim Sackton: Maybe it's raining. That would be nice, too.
Mike Sackton: Do we? Yeah, let's go. Why not.
Tim Sackton: Flies out.
Tim Sackton: Whoa! There's a giant floating rock.
Mike Sackton: Get.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oops that.
Mike Sackton: It's ours.
Tim Sackton: I've never seen rocks float before.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Wait.
Tim Sackton: That's very weird.
Tim Sackton: Hmm, okay.
Tim Sackton: let's go.
Tim Sackton: flies down and off towards the jungle
Tim Sackton: and then flies back.
Mike Sackton: How far is it? How long would it take you to get there?
Mike Sackton: Many a long time? A short time.
Tim Sackton: A short time.
Tim Sackton: like as long as the
Tim Sackton: summer thunderstorm.
Mike Sackton: I'll discuss. Fly again!
Tim Sackton: Starts going.
Mike Sackton: I'll fly after her.
Tim Sackton: Flies sort of towards the coast a little bit, and veering east.
Tim Sackton: It's clear.
Mike Sackton: Probably have to walk back. But that's okay. Actually, tell Foderick to come with us
Mike Sackton: before we do this. Let's, just, you know, shout over to the ship. Hey! Follow us!
Eric Rosenbaum: So.
Tim Sackton: Wait! You control the ship with your voice.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it's our home.
Tim Sackton: Make rocks follow you in the sky.
Mike Sackton: Is that unusual? No, I know it's unusual. I'm just kidding with you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It was the perfect opportunity. Everybody does it. On the far side of the desert.
Eric Rosenbaum: All 2 legs have flying rock ships. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that don't. Don't trust.
Tim Sackton: So it's it's about.
Mike Sackton: Trots 2 legs without flying. Oh, well, if it's an hour, then.
Tim Sackton: And we're not doing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And on the jungle for some.
Mike Sackton: Now, what's.
Tim Sackton: Distance.
Mike Sackton: We have a we have a flying rock.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Take the rock.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you'll follow in the ship. Yeah,
Tim Sackton: so it's about. I mean, it's not. It's like a mile. It's less than a mile, but bats don't fly super fast.
Tim Sackton: sort of east in the direction of the like, you know. Tangled vines around the eldest tree.
Mike Sackton: But that was the thing that was 20 miles away, right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that was 20 miles away. But this is like just a short distance.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you see just what looks like a natural clearing, like we're just an old tree fell and opened up a clearing in the jungle, and the bat flies down into the roots of the tree.
Tim Sackton: This is where it was.
Tim Sackton: I don't see another one.
Tim Sackton: Do those stones grow under many trees.
Mike Sackton: No, they're quite rare. There's only there's only 5 of them in the whole world.
Tim Sackton: That is very rare.
Tim Sackton: When are we going to get our food.
Mike Sackton: It's probably there by now.
Mike Sackton: So as you get back to your cave.
Tim Sackton: Go, eat.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: go we'll we'll we'll have more questions. We'll come. Find you.
Tim Sackton: Flies off.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there's presumably nothing very interesting here.
Tim Sackton: Really.
Mike Sackton: I watch.
Tim Sackton: A.
Mike Sackton: He doesn't want you to see it, but is asleep.
Tim Sackton: Kong. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: David! Gong! Wake up!
Tim Sackton: It's like 8 o'clock in California.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know right.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Well, I mean, well, presumably there's
Mike Sackton: no signs of
Mike Sackton: where it came from, or anything like that.
Tim Sackton: No. Okay. Nothing. Obvious.
Mike Sackton: I guess we'll then fly back.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Well, hold on before we do that. Should we just go straight to the eldest.
Tim Sackton: Sorry my headphones died there for a sec. What do you say?
Mike Sackton: I said I was asking
Mike Sackton: the party if we should just head straight for the eldest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I gotta step away a minute. I'll be back.
Tim Sackton: You're you're down to 2 party members. So yeah.
Mike Sackton: Any thoughts.
Eric Rosenbaum: To the going back to the cave and.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, we could try and grow the bats a little bit more to see if they have any idea
Mike Sackton: what would have taken the jade.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, or if anybody saw it happen.
Mike Sackton: But the timing is pretty bad cause.
Mike Sackton: cause it seems like the jade was taken after the chaos erupted, and they were all hiding down in the storage area
Mike Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a good point.
Mike Sackton: Or sorry hiding down in their in their sleeping caves. I mean, we could ask around like, were there any bats who didn't? Who, who
Mike Sackton: we're too scared of the chaos to like. Maybe there was some bats that were hiding other places like we could ask around about other bats.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or other creatures, that.
Mike Sackton: Or other creatures.
Eric Rosenbaum: Jersey. Right? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That might have.
Mike Sackton: We could ask the bats once they've been fed to like
Mike Sackton: go. Seems.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's yeah, there's a lot of talking things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, are we? Close to the big tree like.
Tim Sackton: Like 20 months.
Mike Sackton: Miles. So what is that? That's like.
Tim Sackton: 2 h on the ship.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You'd get there at sunset if you left now.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I almost think we'd be better off going to the eldest.
Mike Sackton: Get there.
Mike Sackton: deal with Free the eldest, before nightfall.
Mike Sackton: and then go back and talk to the bats
Mike Sackton: this evening.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems like there's a big network of.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sentient creatures, and if we can sort of like help repair it, then we might
Eric Rosenbaum: more.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because then to combine.
Mike Sackton: And the eldest sounds like the nexus. Right? Yeah, the bat said. Every let's just go.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should definitely do that.
Mike Sackton: We're gonna go straight to the eldest.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: But presumably we could take a short rest on the way.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: easily.
Tim Sackton: Tong.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Hear us
Tim Sackton: totally asleep.
Tim Sackton: okay. So you're flying on the ship. You're flying on.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you begin traveling across the jungle.
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: heading sort of east, due east. As you begin to.
Tim Sackton: Fly in the direction where the bots told you that the eldest or canopy they seem to use both names interchangeably, and where? Well, we saw the.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, we saw the the
Tim Sackton: trees surrounded by vines and thorns.
Tim Sackton: The jungle below is very
Tim Sackton: it's dense like. Occasionally you'll see these clearings.
Tim Sackton: Occasionally a river will be flowing down where you can see a little bit into the understory. But, you know, as you're flying above, you mostly are seeing like the the birds and the you know, occasional
Tim Sackton: monkeys or something, as you
Tim Sackton: soar across the canopy, and an hour passes and the sun begins to sink
Tim Sackton: late evening you can see the
Tim Sackton: the ocean, the
Tim Sackton: See here.
Tim Sackton: here's our sort of jungle canopy view.
Tim Sackton: The the ocean to your left, the cliffs rising.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, the ocean to your right, the cliffs rising to the left. And after another hour of travel you can now see in the distance this
Tim Sackton: massive tree.
Tim Sackton: with vines, these these vines seeming to climb and and crawl
Tim Sackton: all over it.
Tim Sackton: Still a few miles away.
Tim Sackton: So you have
Tim Sackton: a little bit of
Tim Sackton: time to think and
Tim Sackton: plot
Tim Sackton: how you might approach the.
Mike Sackton: Giant vines.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we think this tree speaks elvish.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it
Eric Rosenbaum: presumably can't vocalize the way the bats do.
Mike Sackton: Who knows? It stopped talking when it was surrounded by vines, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. So we just gotta get the vines off.
Mike Sackton: I mean. That's what the bat said, is, it went quiet right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, that seems right.
Mike Sackton: It can probably talk to. Kenzo could probably commune with it in some fashion.
Mike Sackton: If he wasn't asleep.
Mike Sackton: You could solve all our problems.
Mike Sackton: Yeah,
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's not super late. But I also don't. Wanna hong. Are you awake?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, I guess I'm so sorry
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am. I'm awake, but I am. I've just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: didn't. I only got a couple hours of sleep last night, so I've been like uncontrollably passing out. Sorry, guys.
Mike Sackton: It's okay. We're we're we're going to the giant tree to save it from doom.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That sounds smart.
Tim Sackton: I'm I'm gonna suggest, maybe
Tim Sackton: like not ending right now. But take some time to observe the situation, and
Tim Sackton: before things get too, maybe not
Tim Sackton: push late into the night with something complicated.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I I think we should observe the tree and formulate a plan and then go to bed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So what do we.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, when you're
Eric Rosenbaum: I've had this problem actually in my yard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, what does the tree say?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, that's.
Tim Sackton: Tree can't speak. The tree is covered in these
Tim Sackton: vines that are climbing all over it, and of course.
Eric Rosenbaum: Been.
Tim Sackton: Bats.
Tim Sackton: It lost its voice
Tim Sackton: when the vines came.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could spend all day cutting different bits of vine off of different bits of tree. But what you need to do actually is just find where it
Eric Rosenbaum: enters the ground the vines and uproot them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh!
Mike Sackton: How close are we to this tree.
Tim Sackton: You're like 2 miles at this point.
Tim Sackton: Do.
Mike Sackton: Do we have?
Mike Sackton: Maybe a
Mike Sackton: I mean is, do we think it's? Does it seem
Mike Sackton: dangerous to go
Mike Sackton: close like? Are the vines swaying and.
Tim Sackton: Crawling up the tree, and like pulling on the branches, and like.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So it's like walking up 5 feet from the tree, probably isn't safe.
Tim Sackton: It seems unlikely it would be safe. Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So like we shouldn't like walk up to the tree, cast detect thoughts, and try and read its mind.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could. But chances are the vines would then try and kill us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Communicants. I'm curious what it would happen.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think that's a good 1st step.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or speak with plants.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the range on that, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: Right. So the danger is that, as far as we know, the vines that are surrounding the tree are like enormous right? I mean, how tall is this tree
Mike Sackton: 100 feet.
Tim Sackton: He's like a like I don't know.
Mike Sackton: 200 feet.
Tim Sackton: 800 feet tall, something like that.
Mike Sackton: So it's 1 of these, like above the canopy, massive rainforest.
Tim Sackton: It's like a massive, emergent rainforest tree
Tim Sackton: that's being weighed down by this truly gargantuan mass of thorny vines.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can speak with other plants around here.
Mike Sackton: Taller than 80 feet right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, probably taller. I don't know.
Mike Sackton: Tallest rainforest trees tend to be between 80 and 90 meters.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So yeah, so a hundred 30 feet is like the upper canopy. So
Tim Sackton: yeah, so it's probably 200 feet tall.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: but the vines grow all the way up to the top of it, right.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Why don't we talk to nearby plants like talk to the plants, talk to the jungle.
Mike Sackton: wait. Does Kenzo speak with plants? Require key.
Tim Sackton: No, you can use it. You can use it as part of the staff. You can use it once per day, right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, it was per day.
Mike Sackton: Oh, take a short rest, Kong, to get your key back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good idea I do that.
Tim Sackton: Okay. I'll do it for.
Mike Sackton: Happy.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And.
Mike Sackton: Probably everybody should spend hit days to heal back up the full health, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I don't know why short rest, head dice don't like actually work with.
Mike Sackton: You. Just it worked for me when I just clicked
Mike Sackton: I just clicked that you have to click the one d 8 plus x button.
Tim Sackton: I see.
Mike Sackton: Instead of take short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where's that?
Mike Sackton: Go if you click short rest
Mike Sackton: and then
Mike Sackton: pick a certain number of hit dice right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then it should show a roll dice, but a little roll underneath.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it where it just works for me, actually.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. And then you just click the little role underneath thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, I'm good.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Kenzo is also good.
Mike Sackton: Hey, Schwarz? We decided to go save the eldest from the vines, killing it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, awesome.
Mike Sackton: So we're there. We're about a mile away. We took a short rest, so take a short rest.
Tim Sackton: Planning on scouting and planning for like
Tim Sackton: 10 to 20 more minutes tonight, and then going to bed before, like the whole
Tim Sackton: complicated resolution.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You said short rest. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It took us an hour and a half to fly over here, so we took a short rest.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Mike Sackton: We know so far.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you have vines attacking a tree, you need to just
Eric Rosenbaum: pull them out at the roots.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But these vines are
Mike Sackton: moving
Mike Sackton: and are seem violent.
Tim Sackton: So so Kenzo is speaking to the jungle plants. Kong, are you awake enough to say what you want to ask the plants?
Tim Sackton: Or does somebody have to do that for you? Somebody has to do that for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no, he'll speak from his dream world.
Tim Sackton: We're gonna intuit. What Kong's dreams are saying.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dream. Kong, speak to us. Oh, dream Kong!
Eric Rosenbaum: He wants to like.
Tim Sackton: He was worried about.
Mike Sackton: You watch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In Cong
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dream Kong is here. You can channel me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do it. Why are you asking me.
Tim Sackton: Plants of the jungle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do they? What's their names?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No. What's the tell? Tell us about the vines.
Mike Sackton: How did the vine? Where? How about tell us the.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it's a.
Mike Sackton: How did the vine come? What happened right like? What have you experienced with the vine?
Mike Sackton: Is it scaring you.
Tim Sackton: I don't.
Tim Sackton: So yes, what? What?
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo spends a while. Sort of just.
Tim Sackton: you know, speaking to the trees that are that are close that you can reach without getting too close to the vine, and you learn from talking to the jungle that
Tim Sackton: the timing actually matches about when the
Tim Sackton: when the chaos elementals appeared, maybe
Tim Sackton: maybe a few days before or a few days after. It's it's hard to be precise, because plants don't keep precise track of time.
Tim Sackton: but the
Tim Sackton: the vines, the the biggest thing is the vines.
Tim Sackton: the thorns silenced the alds. Do they also.
Mike Sackton: Fast.
Tim Sackton: Canopy.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: when they came
Tim Sackton: at 1st they just
Tim Sackton: at 1st they were small
Tim Sackton: and canopy.
Tim Sackton: was quiet, but not hurt.
Tim Sackton: but the vines kept growing.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: chaos kept accumulating somehow, and the vines grew
Tim Sackton: bigger and wilder, and began to strangle
Tim Sackton: the eldest
Tim Sackton: and the eldest is only the only one who remembers when we woke up long ago, and his voice is the voice of the jungle. And
Tim Sackton: now we are silent.
Tim Sackton: and the vines
Tim Sackton: they poison us, they poison our fruits.
Mike Sackton: Was there always a jungle here
Mike Sackton: or in drink? Orian times? Was this.
Tim Sackton: No, this was like farmland. This was planned recording times.
Mike Sackton: So that's a little interesting. Right? Did Elvis wake up to wait?
Mike Sackton: The jungle can't be more than.
Tim Sackton: It's like 200 years.
Mike Sackton: 200 years old.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: has Eldest only been awake for 200 years.
Mike Sackton: That's interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unless this forest was transplanted.
Mike Sackton: Maybe the forest came from somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. Wasn't this a forested area thousands of years ago?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Before drink, or it was an elfin forest.
Mike Sackton: but that was destroyed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was it.
Mike Sackton: I don't know now I really want to meet the eldest.
Mike Sackton: but it's a dinky little tree compared to the Elven eldest trees.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: But I mean it could be there
Mike Sackton: offshoot, descendant, brother.
Mike Sackton: bad
Mike Sackton: disciple, etc, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Remnant.
Mike Sackton: Remnant.
Mike Sackton: The trees, the Alvin trees could have taught these things to speak.
Mike Sackton: But so
Mike Sackton: killing the vines
Mike Sackton: should. Let's fly a little closer.
Mike Sackton: like
Mike Sackton: 2,000 feet.
Mike Sackton: Do the vines react.
Tim Sackton: They do not
Tim Sackton: theme to.
Tim Sackton: but you can't see anything that's happening below the canopy.
Mike Sackton: Right. All we can see is like the tendrils reaching out.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: Should we approach on the
Mike Sackton: ground.
Mike Sackton: Welby, do you want to take a flying scout and see how close you can get before they try and kill you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That sounds fascinating.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I will
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): do it, and just start spiraling in
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): closer and look when they're reactive. But also look like, is there a single
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): point of weakness or failure.
Tim Sackton: So dipping down below the canopy and flying to like. See what's
Tim Sackton: like. Sort of at the
Tim Sackton: roots.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you
Tim Sackton: so you you fly closer and you sort of begin to drop.
Tim Sackton: drop down beneath the canopy and fly and fly through the trees as you begin to approach this tangled.
Tim Sackton: massive vines surrounding this huge tree.
Tim Sackton: And actually, as you duck down, you can see, even when you're like 3, 400 feet away, that
Tim Sackton: so there's there's a clearing in which this tree grows up in the center of, and there's and there's trees around it. It actually.
Tim Sackton: it almost looks like
Tim Sackton: a grove like the like. There's a like a arranged grove. There's this tall tree in the middle, and then there's a circle of trees around it, and almost a perfect
Tim Sackton: circle, all kind of facing each other, but that entire area must be
Tim Sackton: a few 100 feet
Tim Sackton: is like covered in these vines
Tim Sackton: that are like writhing on the ground. Go ahead and make a perception check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Everybody.
Tim Sackton: I know just just
Mike Sackton: Wild beast doing a flying scout of the vine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How nice!
Tim Sackton: So you notice 2 things.
Tim Sackton: one is that so it's hard to see in these writhing vines. But as you're just watching like
Tim Sackton: there's something hard
Tim Sackton: and solid beneath the massive vines right near the roots of this giant tree, like big like
Tim Sackton: 10 foot by 10 foot. It looks like, you know, some sort of woody.
Tim Sackton: merged
Tim Sackton: bit of
Tim Sackton: it's like the it's like it's like, if you just compressed a whole bunch of trees and plants into this
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: almost like,
Tim Sackton: what is that word for? Like fake wood, right like the
Tim Sackton: particle board, or whatever, but made out of like all sorts of living things into this
Tim Sackton: writhing knot almost like a tumor. But the vines keep crawling over it on top of it, almost like they're trying to pile up
Tim Sackton: around it around this like
Tim Sackton: hard, not.
Mike Sackton: So we need a giant
Mike Sackton: claw grappling hook, and then we lower it and pick up the knot and drag it off.
Tim Sackton: and you also.
Eric Rosenbaum: That big.
Tim Sackton: When you.
Mike Sackton: No, I wasn't serious, you think could actually make a giant crap like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we just have to attach it to the ship, and then.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Raise it with the ship.
Mike Sackton: I mean, can you make a can you fabricate something in place.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you.
Mike Sackton: Could you fabricate, like us a metal cage around this thing.
Tim Sackton: If he's within 30 feet of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Mean you could stand on the ground in the vines. Nothing possibly could go wrong.
Tim Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: It take to fabricate something.
Tim Sackton: I think it's an action.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, depending on what kind of threat this is. Maybe magic circle would help.
Mike Sackton: Would have to be
Mike Sackton: undead or abyssal right.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can choose from a bunch of categories.
Tim Sackton: The other thing, though, is
Tim Sackton: when
Tim Sackton: while we I mean, you can see like when you're a few 100 feet away, that like
Tim Sackton: there's like
Tim Sackton: vines that are lashing out like striking at things flying out from the center of this like, there's at least some part of this tangled mass that seems to be actively defending or.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody.
Tim Sackton: Clustered around this. It's like clearly trying to attack it's you. You are obviously not getting within more than a few 100 feet, right? So none of the vines are reaching you, but it certainly seems like it would not be
Tim Sackton: like if you got within. You know
Tim Sackton: it's hard to judge the exact distance 30 feet 60 feet a hundred feet.
Tim Sackton: 200 feet. Some number of feet of this naughty mass in the middle vines are gonna like slash out at you.
Tim Sackton: And of course the whole thing is wriggling and moving.
Mike Sackton: I wonder if it can detect invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting, like, what does it sense.
Tim Sackton: I mean, there's no obvious eyes anywhere, so either it has no senses or.
Mike Sackton: Can. Welby, can you wait.
Mike Sackton: dodge towards it, and see if it reacts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Absolutely. Yes.
Tim Sackton: How close are you? Gonna get?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am going to get closer and closer until it tries to attack me.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That seems like the way to figure out the minimum distance.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: So as you get
Tim Sackton: closer.
Tim Sackton: you get to within about
Tim Sackton: 30
Tim Sackton: beat of this knot in the center. When a vine
Tim Sackton: hits you.
Tim Sackton: You take 2018 points of bludgeoning damage and 9 points of piercing damage for a total of 27 damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I? Uncanny Dodge.
Tim Sackton: That can, but it also grabs you and pulls you in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright. I'll telepathically report back. I figured out the distance.
Eric Rosenbaum: How much damage is that.
Tim Sackton: So that's half of 27. So that would be
Tim Sackton: 1413.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Mike Sackton: How are you at escaping grapples.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm actually extremely good at escaping grapples.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I guess I will do that.
Mike Sackton: It was what 60 feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: 30 feet yes.
Mike Sackton: Have the ship boost towards him to start. How far away are we? We were like 200, I mean a thousand feet, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: We're like a thousand feet.
Mike Sackton: So what is the ships move?
Tim Sackton: It's listed somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let me try to find out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did I roll to get ungrappled.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's more stuff that's gonna happen to you
Tim Sackton: one second
Tim Sackton: because it gets for attacks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so 10 miles per hour! What if.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was only close enough for one.
Mike Sackton: Can't you? Can't you move away as a reaction when you get attacked.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, but I'm grappled.
Tim Sackton: Not when you get attacked. When a creature ends at the turn
Tim Sackton: reaction, you're actually not grappled. You're just pulled into the vines.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's great!
Tim Sackton: But then it's going to the vines. Grow around you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Me!
Tim Sackton: Grappling you.
Tim Sackton: and you take
Tim Sackton: 21 points of cursing damage, and you are
Tim Sackton: covered in vines. You are restrained, and you can't see outside of your space.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fabulous. Okay, this is much more dangerous than it looked from the air.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): but I did establish the minimum distance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good work. Welby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I rolled a 23 for acrobats to escape restraint.
Tim Sackton: you you succeed.
Tim Sackton: yes. Can. Actually, you can actually escape.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cunning action, disengage and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): zip on out of there.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So Bindra Sharna is, if it's speed is 10 miles an hour, its move would be 85 approximately or 90.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you? How did you determine that.
Mike Sackton: I Googled, what is the dnds of 10 miles per hour, and got somebody who did the math.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright!
Mike Sackton: But it's I mean, it's it's
Mike Sackton: it would be. How many feet per second is 10 miles 10 miles an hour. I mean, you could also do 10 mph. In feet per second.
Mike Sackton: which is 14 feet per second. So call it 15 times. Oh, wait. Actually, that math.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, 1414.6 feet per second is 88
Mike Sackton: feet per round, because a round is 6 seconds, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: There there you go!
Mike Sackton: So 90 is good enough, I mean, I'd call probably call it 90 if we were actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's
Eric Rosenbaum: that's good to know. So that's our ship's move speed. Yeah. But then also you can double it
Eric Rosenbaum: with concentration if we.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if you're flying like combat concentration, some you concentrate on it, but you can go
Tim Sackton: faster, and
Tim Sackton: that's when you can use. You can see from anywhere on the ship to use your.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: It would be good, I guess. Well be escaped, so we don't need to rush towards. Well, be, I was trying to figure out how many.
Tim Sackton: Aim to.
Mike Sackton: How many rounds would it take to catch up to? Well be? But it would probably be 5 rounds.
Tim Sackton: No, if, while we.
Tim Sackton: if Welby was, was somebody other than Welby cause all of you are terrible escaping grapples except Welby, it would have been quite a bit.
Mike Sackton: Now Gallith is super.
Tim Sackton: Oh! Doubt!
Mike Sackton: Better to scooting, rap.
Tim Sackton: Moving rackles, right.
Mike Sackton: Dallas is functionally ungrappable.
Tim Sackton: Except that you can't see outside your space.
Mike Sackton: I would use.
Tim Sackton: Yes! Oh, you could use your your.
Mike Sackton: Transformation
Mike Sackton: which is immune to the grappled condition.
Tim Sackton: Exactly.
Tim Sackton: I know what it does, hits you with a vine, pulls you in, and then strangles you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it was at a range of 30 feet. Is that when, when it happened.
Mike Sackton: And that was wait. You were 30 feet away from the knot at the middle when it started attacking you.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to see exactly where the knot was. You were 30 feet away from, like the area where the thicker vines are, which is probably bigger than the knot itself.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay.
Mike Sackton: so what effects do we have
Mike Sackton: that are 90 foot or longer range effects.
Eric Rosenbaum: Anything I've got I can extend with the glove.
Mike Sackton: Can you? Performance of creation 90 feet away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Any spell, but performance of creation isn't a spell.
Mike Sackton: What's the range and performance of creation?
Tim Sackton: An unoccupied space within 10 feet of you, so you cannot create creation. Something in the space of another creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I can telekinesis things.
Tim Sackton: You could tell. It can use this thing. Yes.
Mike Sackton: What's the range of telekinesis.
Eric Rosenbaum: 60 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I can move something 30 feet
Eric Rosenbaum: if it's an object of a thousand pounds.
Mike Sackton: But it can't go beyond 60 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess that's the case. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: No, it can go.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could go to 90 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: basically.
Mike Sackton: If you try and move an object, it can't move beyond the range of the spell.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, no, it does say that
Eric Rosenbaum: so 60 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the glove? Maybe I could add a multiplier.
Tim Sackton: You could double that
Tim Sackton: with the globe.
Mike Sackton: There you go. So one idea would be
Mike Sackton: performance of creation, a giant metal hook, and then telekinesis it into range.
Eric Rosenbaum: So basically like, shove it into place and then pull it back out again. Is that what you're saying?
Mike Sackton: Attach it to the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'd need a really big, really strong chain. Also.
Mike Sackton: We have a bunch of change. I swear we told Tim at 1 point that we were getting. No, I I'm not even trying to be cheesy. I really think we were talking about cause we had a problem where we needed
Eric Rosenbaum: This would have been in like year, one like early.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no like we were doing something with the ship, and we wanted to be able to like.
Tim Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: not to like. Tell you how to play the game. But is there any reason why you can't just animate the hook?
Tim Sackton: It's not technically a lecture, but.
Mike Sackton: That's a good point.
Eric Rosenbaum: The telekinesis part is not necessary. It can just hook itself on.
Mike Sackton: Unless the vines would attack.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the.
Mike Sackton: Would attack an animated creature, but wouldn't know to attack
Mike Sackton: telekinetic creature.
Mike Sackton: Like? Would they attack an immaterial object.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, I'll fly up out of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): range of them, reaching me personally, and then just like drop a rope down and dangle it, and like bonk the rope on the vines like, does it try to grab it or let it go.
Mike Sackton: Good idea.
Tim Sackton: no, it I mean it. It bats away at the rope, and after a few seconds you find yourself in a
Tim Sackton: very difficult to win tug of war with a massive vine, and presumably just let go of the rope because you are not strong.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Mike Sackton: Well, huh! What if we attach.
Eric Rosenbaum: I had a 10 foot long pair of shears
Eric Rosenbaum: that I can animate bring to life, since I just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whoa! Wow! Wait! There's 10 foot tall, shears.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, giants.
Eric Rosenbaum: Users from hell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So much. What about if we had a necklace of fireballs.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whatever. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But I'm worried about killing eldest.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the thing.
Tim Sackton: You probably don't want to just burn down the whole jungle that might solve your problem and create other problems.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's like cutting.
Eric Rosenbaum: digging.
Eric Rosenbaum: burning, freezing.
Eric Rosenbaum: poison, acid.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Don't we have a thing of summoning a
Mike Sackton: some sort of elemental.
Tim Sackton: You have your a free jar.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting.
Mike Sackton: What if we reverse gravity?
Mike Sackton: I don't know if I want to use our reverse gravity spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: This doesn't seem like the situation for that.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't really seem like the situation for that. Fair enough.
Mike Sackton: We probably can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bitch.
Mike Sackton: Soul trap this thing. It doesn't have eyes, as far as we know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's funny. Yeah, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we push his soul into like a rock?
Mike Sackton: He put it in the mirror, I mean, who wouldn't want a giant box.
Tim Sackton: Range of the mirror is what 30 or 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. It's not very long.
Tim Sackton: I think it's 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: It actually doesn't say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Put Shamut's shadow armband around it.
Tim Sackton: Open a portal and let the hobgoblins deal with that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Wait, hold on! But if we emptied out our portable hole
Mike Sackton: and then
Mike Sackton: put our portable hole
Mike Sackton: right next to the
Mike Sackton: telekinesis are portable hole.
Tim Sackton: The Earth range is 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: And just let the thing roll into the portable hole.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Because the interior structure of the whole it's not delicate, but it's not like dome walls on the inside.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I remember this from when we 1st 1st got it, like we built shelving
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): inside the thing
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we built shelving, and it could smash up the shelving. But you can't punch your way out of the hole, can you?
Mike Sackton: I didn't think it was I was we were. I only remember being warned not to put
Mike Sackton: we could. I don't think we should actually do this, but we could make a bomb out of our portable hole, and another.
Tim Sackton: Rules for the portable hold. Never open an extra dimensional portal inside another extra dimensional portal
Tim Sackton: no fire acid, because it
Tim Sackton: will burn. Be careful which direction you open it. If you put it on a ceiling, everything will fall out.
Tim Sackton: Don't rip the material from the outside, or especially from the inside.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But if it ripped from the inside that
Mike Sackton: mine is not gonna survive.
Tim Sackton: Also, true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But the whole won't survive.
Mike Sackton: The hole won't survive either. Our storage.
Eric Rosenbaum: You need it.
Mike Sackton: Well, do we? I mean realistically, we could put all our stuff in future. Charter.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's it!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Functions is like our mirror storage, though, to take our mirror.
Mike Sackton: Does allow us to bring our mirrors with us places. I mean, we've been talking about making a mirror of adventure. Maybe it's time, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. That's a good point.
Tim Sackton: given the degree to which people are falling asleep, and this conversation seems to be going slightly in circles. I am tempted to call it for tonight, with yeah
Tim Sackton: returning on the
Tim Sackton: what is it? The September 12, th our last Pre Colorado session.
Tim Sackton: faced with a vine with
Tim Sackton: 30 foot vine attacks and possibly other abilities you're unaware of that is prepared to tackle any living or non living creatures that comes within its range with the puzzle being, you somehow have to figure out how to destroy
Tim Sackton: or remove this woody tumour growing at the roots of the eldest tree, without
Tim Sackton: at the same time killing the Elvis tree. Wait, could we just.
Mike Sackton: Land, venture Sharda on it
Mike Sackton: inside the ice dome.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cool!
Mike Sackton: How? What's the range of our ice turrets?
Eric Rosenbaum: 120 or something.
Mike Sackton: We could just shoot it with ice tart, I mean.
Mike Sackton: didn't anyone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A necklace of fireballs.
Mike Sackton: Now we've we've been through this several times, and that happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's party.
Tim Sackton: Through how it was too bad you don't have a necklace of fireballs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did we pick instead? We had. We could have had it. But then we didn't. Because why?
Tim Sackton: You all got like armor or something like that.
Tim Sackton: I'm sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That sounds.
Mike Sackton: Cloak that.
Tim Sackton: When those cloak that makes you immune to fear. That's pretty. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Compared to the fireballs! No.
Mike Sackton: But that really helped us. When we were fighting the vampire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess. Alright. Fine!
Mike Sackton: I know.
Tim Sackton: The turrets are 300 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: 300 foot range. So we could just like pummel it with icicles for a while, and just see if that helps.
Mike Sackton: What's the range of Wallace Stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well again, I can. That one I can multiply if I need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Patients.
Mike Sackton: The oldest stone box around the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Around the this root thing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, does it?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To go in unoccupied space, though, like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you couldn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The stuff that's holding.
Tim Sackton: Wild stone is a hundred 20 feet, but if you would completely trap something and it can move.
Eric Rosenbaum: You get to see.
Tim Sackton: Vines can move or not, you don't know. It gets a save, and if it succeeds on the save, it can attempt to flee.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what happened with these stone golems.
Tim Sackton: Doing, great.
Mike Sackton: Alright. Well, I'll think about it. I'm gonna go to bed.
Tim Sackton: We will pick this up next time, as you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only leaning towards flying scissors. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that plan.
Tim Sackton: Make animated flying scissors, and have a new classic hero for the campaign.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we're.
Tim Sackton: Matter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Susan!
Mike Sackton: There's.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're building.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. We just need. We just need a rock and paper.
Tim Sackton: Have a rock. Come on, rock.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like.
Tim Sackton: You cannot forget about boulder ladder. Yeah, you're a music car.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So true.
Mike Sackton: We have a rock, scissors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On paper.
Mike Sackton: Paper.
Eric Rosenbaum: So true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, Eric, this is actually really important, but the final battle against rock.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We need to have rock scissors and paper. All present.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They are all.
Eric Rosenbaum: It'll.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Be a stalemate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: They're all there, I mean.
Tim Sackton: if a polyon comes at you with paper, you just need to make sure you have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, man, fuck, what if a poly has paper? Yeah, it's a problem.
Eric Rosenbaum: It all comes down to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, I'm not going to be able to sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's great!
Tim Sackton: I'll end it there.
Mike Sackton: Good night, everybody!
Tim Sackton: Good night, guys.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You guys.